[PAGE 1 START]
[TEXT] AlphaPack Commercial POLICY DECLARATIONS STOCK COMPANY £WESTERN WORLD INSURANCE COMPANY £ TUDOR INSURANCE COMPANY R STRATFORD INSURANCE COMPANY POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 Prior Policy Number: PDO9003100 Named Insured and Mailing Address: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. 3724 Thomas Point Road Annapolis, MD 21403 Producer: Business Risk Partners 2 Waterside Crossing Suite 102 Windsor, CT 06095 Policy Period: From: 06/23/2024 To: 06/23/2025 12:01AM, standard time at your mailing address shown above. IN EXCHANGE FOR THE PAYMENT OF THE PREMIUM, AND SUBJECT TO ALL TERMS, CONDITIONS, EXCLUSIONS AND ENDORSEMENTS OF THIS POLICY, WE AGREE TO PROVIDE THE INSURANCE AS STATED IN THIS POLICY Agent/Broker # 32401 Premium $17,480 Item 2. COVERAGE PARTS THIS POLICY CONSISTS OF THE FOLLOWING COVERAGE PARTS FOR WHICH AN AGGREGATE LIMIT OF LIABILITY IS INDICATED WITH THE EXCEPTION OF THE COMMERCIAL CRIME COVERAGE PART WHICH IS NOT SUBJECT TO AN AGGREGATE LIMIT OF LIABILITY. Item 1. POLICY MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIMIT OF LIABILITY: $1,000,000 Coverages Purchased Coverage Part Separate Limit of Liability Limits of Liability R Executive and Private Company Liability ("D&O") R £ Employment Practices and Third Party Liability (" £ Fiduciary Liability ("Fiduciary") £ Cyber Liability ("Cyber") £ Commercial Crime ("Crime") N/A N/A CDEC 2001 (01/19) Page 1 of 3
[OCR_TABLE] STOCK COMPANY AlphaPack Commercial POLICY DECLARATIONS POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 AlG Prior Policy Number: PDO9003100 oO WESTERN WORLD INSURANCE COMPANY (D Tupor INSURANCE COMPANY [7] STRATFORD INSURANCE COMPANY Named Insured and Mailing Address: Agent/Broker # 32401 Premium $17,480 Alphyn Biologics, Inc 3724 Thomas Point Road Annapolis, MD 21403 Producer: Business Risk Partners 2 Waterside Crossing Suite 102 Windsor, CT 06095 Policy Period From 06/23/2024 To 06/23/2025 12:01AM, standard time at your mailing address shown above IN EXCHANGE FOR THE PAYMENT OF THE PREMIUM AND SUBJECT TO ALL TERMS, CONDITIONS, EXCLUSIONS AND ENDORSEMENTS OF THIS POLICY, WE AGREE TO PROVIDE THE INSURANCE AS STATED IN THIS POLICY Item 1 POLICY MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIMIT OF LIABILITY: $1,000,000 Item 2 COVERAGE PARTS THIS POLICY CONSISTS OF THE FOLLOWING COVERAGE PARTS FOR WHICH AN AGGREGATE LIMIT OF LIABILITY IS INDICATED WITH THE EXCEPTION OF THE COMMERCIAL CRIME COVERAGE PART WHICH IS NOT SUBJECT TO AN AGGREGATE LIMIT OF LIABILITY Coverages Separate Limit Limits of Coverage Part Purchased of + —— Executive and Private Company Liability ("D&O") oo ee ee ee = Cyber Liability ("Cyber") ee ee | | commercial Crime ("Crime") Page 1 of 3 CDEC 2001 (01/19)
[PAGE 1 END]
[PAGE 2 START]
[TEXT] Executive and Private Company Liability Aggregate Limit of Liability: $1,000,000 Pending or Prior Litigation Date: 06/23/2022 Additional Dedicated Limit of Liability for Non-Indemnified Loss: $500,000 Sub-Limit of Liability for Derivative Investigations Costs: 250,000 Agreement A Retention: $0 Agreement B Retention: $35,000 Agreement C Retention: $35,000 Agreement D Retention: $0 Employment Practices Liability Aggregate Limit of Liability: $ Pending or Prior Litigation Date: Sub-Limit of Liability for Third-Party Discrimination: $ Agreement A Retention: $ Agreement B Retention: $ Fiduciary Liability Aggregate Limit of Liability: $ Pending or Prior Litigation Date: Sub-Limit of Liability for Voluntary Settlement Programs: $ Agreement A Retention: $ Agreement B Retention: $ Cyber Liability Aggregate Limit of Liability: Limit of Liability Retention Network Security LiabilityNA NA Privacy LiabilityNA NA Regulatory ProceedingNA NA Breach Remediation CostsNA NA Cyber ExtorsionNA NA Commercial Crime Limit of Insurance Deductible Fidelity NA NA Forgery or Alteration NA NA Inside the Premises - Theft of Money and Securities NA NA Inside the Premises - Robbery or Safe Burglary of Other Property NA NA Outside the Premises NA NA Computer and Funds Transfer Fraud NA NA Money Orders and Conterfeit Money NA NA Item 3. Discovery Period: 1 Year 150 % of Policy Premium Item 4. Additional Defense Expenses: $1,000,000 Item 5. Forms and endorsements applying to this policy and attached at time of issue: See Applicable Schedule of Forms and Endorsements. CDEC 2001 (01/19) Page 2 of 3
[OCR] Aggregate Limit of Liability: $1,000,000 Pending or Prior Litigation Date: 06/23/2022 Additional Dedicated Limit of Liability for Non-Indemnified Loss: $500,000 Sub-Limit of Liability for Derivative Investigations Costs 250,000 Agreement A Retention $0 Agreement B Retention $35,000 Agreement C Retention $35,000 Agreement D Retention $0 Aggregate Limit of Liability: $ Pending or Prior Litigation Date: Sub-Limit of Liability for Third-Party Discrimination:$ Agreement A Retention: $ Agreement B Retention: $ Aggregate Limit of Liability: $ Pending or Prior Litigation Date: Sub-Limit of Liability for Voluntary Settlement Programs $ Agreement A Retention: $ Agreement B Retention: $ Aggregate Limit of Liability: Limit of Liability Retention Network Security LiabilityNA NA NA Privacy LiabilityNA Regulatory ProceedingNA NA Breach Remediation CostsNA NA Cyber ExtorsionNA NA Limit of Insurance Deductible NA NA Fidelity Forgery or Alteration NA NA Inside the Premises - Theft of Money and Securities NA NA Inside the Premises - Robbery or Safe Burglary of Other Property NA NA Outside the Premises NA NA Computer and Funds Transfer Fraud NA NA Money Orders and Conterfeit Money NA NA Item 3. Discovery Period: 1 Year 150 % of Policy Premium Item 4, Additional Defense Expenses: $1,000,000 Item 5. Forms and endorsements applying to this policy and attached at time of issue: See Applicable Schedule of Forms and Endorsements. Page 2 of 3 CDEC 2001 (01/19)
[PAGE 2 END]
[PAGE 3 START]
[TEXT] THESE DECLARATIONS TOGETHER WITH THE COMPLETED AND SIGNED APPLICATION FOR THE FOLLOWED POLICY AND THE POLICY FORM ATTACHED HERETO CONSTITUTE THE POLICY WESTERN WORLD INSURANCE GROUP Western World Insurance Company Tudor Insurance Company Stratford Insurance Company Administartive Office 300 Kimball Drive, Suite 500 Parsippany, New Jersey 07054 We will provide the insurance described in this policy in return for the premium and complience with all applicable provisions of this policy. If required by state law, this policy shall not be valid unless countersigned by our authorized representative. Secretary President Countersigned: By: Authorized Representative CDEC 2001 (01/19) Page 3 of 3
[OCR] THESE DECLARATIONS TOGETHER WITH THE COMPLETED AND SIGNED APPLICATION FOR THE FOLLOWED POLICY AND THE POLICY FORM ATTACHED HERETO CONSTITUTE THE POLICY WESTERN WORLD INSURANCE GROUP Western World Insurance Company Tudor Insurance Company Stratford Insurance Company Administartive Office 300 Kimball Drive, Suite 500 Parsippany, New Jersey 07054 We will provide the insurance described in this policy in return for the premium and complience with all applicable provisions of this policy. if required by state law, this policy shall not be valid unless countersigned by our authorized representative. ne Pi ¢ A Kon Secretary President Countersigned: By: ree Authorized Representative Page 3 of 3 CDEC 2001 (01/19)
[PAGE 3 END]
[PAGE 4 START]
[TEXT] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 SCHEDULE OF FORMS AND ENDORSEMENTS Form Title Form/ Endorsement No. CGTC 3101 (03/18) Amended Definition of Insured Person Endorsement CGTC 3068 (12/17) Amended Notice of Claim and Wrongful Act (CEO, CFO, GC, Risk Manager, HR Manager) CGTC 3099 (03/18) Discovery Period Election - 90 Days CGTC 3176 (05/20) Duty to Defend (with Wage & Hour Defense Costs Coverage and Revised Allocation) TRIA 0002 (01/21) Federal Share of Compensation Under TRIA and Cap on Losses Endorsement CGTC 3066 (11/17) Fully Non-Rescindable Endorsement CGTC 3161 (07/19) General Terms and Conditions Amendatory Endorsement CGTC 3056MD (10/17) Maryland Changes NTC TR02 (01/21) Notice of Terrorism Insurance Coverage (Coverage Included) NTC FR01 (10/20) Notice to Policyholders Fraud Notice FI 3006 (03/18) Nuclear Energy Liability Exclusion Endorsement (Broad Form) NTC 3001WW (02/19) Policyholder Notice Claims and Other Communications CGTC 3070 (12/17) Pre-Set Run-Off Period Options CGTC 3069 (12/17) State Amendatory Inconsistency OFAC 3001 (04/18) U.S. Economic and Trade Sanctions Endorsement CDO 3038 (03/18) Absolute Bodily Injury / Property Damage Exclusion (Securities Claim Carveback) Endorsement CDO 3058 (06/18) Amend Insured vs Insured Exclusion Endorsement CDO 3023 (10/17) Crisis Management Expense Coverage CDO 3004 (10/17) Employed Lawyer's Liability Coverage Endorsement CDO 3074 (06/19) False Advertising / Product Defect Exclusion with Securities Claim Carveback CDO 3081 (06/19) Intellectual Property Exclusion with Securities Claim Carveback Endorsement CDO 3012 (10/17) Major Shareholder Exclusion CDO 3022 (10/17) Professional Services Exclusion with Securityholder Carveback CDO 3017 (10/17) Regulatory Claims Exclusion CDO 3024 (10/17) Retired Independent Directors Liability Coverage CDO 3033 (12/17) Securities Claim Carveback CDO 3032 (12/17) Waiver of Retention FI 3003 (01/16)
[TABLE 1]
  [ROW 1] CGTC 3101 (03/18) | Amended Definition of Insured Person Endorsement
  [ROW 2] CGTC 3068 (12/17) | Amended Notice of Claim and Wrongful Act (CEO, CFO, GC, Risk Manager, HR Manager)
  [ROW 3] CGTC 3099 (03/18) | Discovery Period Election - 90 Days
  [ROW 4] CGTC 3176 (05/20) | Duty to Defend (with Wage & Hour Defense Costs Coverage and Revised Allocation)
  [ROW 5] TRIA 0002 (01/21) | Federal Share of Compensation Under TRIA and Cap on Losses Endorsement
  [ROW 6] CGTC 3066 (11/17) | Fully Non-Rescindable Endorsement
  [ROW 7] CGTC 3161 (07/19) | General Terms and Conditions Amendatory Endorsement
  [ROW 8] CGTC 3056MD (10/17) | Maryland Changes
  [ROW 9] NTC TR02 (01/21) | Notice of Terrorism Insurance Coverage (Coverage Included)
  [ROW 10] NTC FR01 (10/20) | Notice to Policyholders Fraud Notice
  [ROW 11] FI 3006 (03/18) | Nuclear Energy Liability Exclusion Endorsement (Broad Form)
  [ROW 12] NTC 3001WW (02/19) | Policyholder Notice Claims and Other Communications
  [ROW 13] CGTC 3070 (12/17) | Pre-Set Run-Off Period Options
  [ROW 14] CGTC 3069 (12/17) | State Amendatory Inconsistency
  [ROW 15] OFAC 3001 (04/18) | U.S. Economic and Trade Sanctions Endorsement
  [ROW 16] CDO 3038 (03/18) | Absolute Bodily Injury / Property Damage Exclusion (Securities Claim Carveback) Endorsement
  [ROW 17] CDO 3058 (06/18) | Amend Insured vs Insured Exclusion Endorsement
  [ROW 18] CDO 3023 (10/17) | Crisis Management Expense Coverage
  [ROW 19] CDO 3004 (10/17) | Employed Lawyer's Liability Coverage Endorsement
  [ROW 20] CDO 3074 (06/19) | False Advertising / Product Defect Exclusion with Securities Claim Carveback
  [ROW 21] CDO 3081 (06/19) | Intellectual Property Exclusion with Securities Claim Carveback Endorsement
  [ROW 22] CDO 3012 (10/17) | Major Shareholder Exclusion
  [ROW 23] CDO 3022 (10/17) | Professional Services Exclusion with Securityholder Carveback
  [ROW 24] CDO 3017 (10/17) | Regulatory Claims Exclusion
  [ROW 25] CDO 3024 (10/17) | Retired Independent Directors Liability Coverage
  [ROW 26] CDO 3033 (12/17) | Securities Claim Carveback
  [ROW 27] CDO 3032 (12/17) | Waiver of Retention
[OCR] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 SCHEDULE OF FORMS AND ENDORSEMENTS FI 3003 (01/16)
[PAGE 4 END]
[PAGE 5 START]
[TEXT] THIS IS A CLAIMS MADE AND REPORTED POLICY. PLEASE READ IT CAREFULLY. ALL WORDS IN BOLD FACE TYPE SHALL HAVE THE MEANINGS SET FORTH IN SECTION II. GENERAL DEFINITIONS OF THESE GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS, OR UNDER THE DEFINITIONS SECTION OF EACH COVERAGE PART. In consideration of the payment of Premium, and subject to the agreement of the Named Insured to pay the Retention amount stated in the Declarations and as set forth in this Policy, and in reliance upon the Application, which shall be deemed incorporated herein, and subject to all of the terms, conditions, limitations, exclusions, and endorsements to this Policy, the Insurer and the Insured agree as follows: GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS I. APPLICATION OF GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS This Policy is comprised of the Application, the Declarations, these GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS, all Coverage Parts that have been purchased, and any endorsements. These GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS apply to all Coverage Parts that have been purchased by the Insured, as indicated in Item 2. of the Declarations. A Coverage Part is included within this Policy and affords coverage only if the Coverage Part is designated in the Declarations as being purchased by the Insured. The respective terms and provisions of each Coverage Part shall apply only to that Coverage Part and shall in no way be construed as applying to any other Coverage Part. If any provision in these GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS is inconsistent or in conflict with the terms and conditions of any Coverage Part, the terms and conditions of such Coverage Part shall control for purposes of that Coverage Part. II. GENERAL DEFINITIONS A. Advisory Board means a board or committee of a Company formed pursuant to such Company's partnership agreement, resolutions, or equivalent organizational or governance documents. B. Application means the written application for this Policy along with any written attachments, warranties, and any other material submitted with or incorporated into such application, as well as any other documents submitted in connection with the underwriting of this Policy or any other policy issued by the Insurer, or any of its affiliates, of which this Policy is in whole or in part a renewal or replacement; and all publicly available documents prepared by the Company in the past 12 months and which are reviewed in connection with the underwriting of this Policy or any policy issued by the Insurer of which this Policy is in whole or in part a renewal or replacement. C. Claim shall have the meaning attributed to that term in each applicable Coverage Part; and solely with respect to the COMMERCIAL CRIME COVERAGE PART, if purchased, shall include any Occurrence. D. Clean Up Costs means expenses (including but not limited to legal and professional fees) incurred in testing for, monitoring, cleaning up, remediating, containing, removing, treating, neutralizing, detoxifying, or assessing the effects of Pollutants. E. Company means: the (i) Named Insured; (ii) and any Subsidiary thereof; and (iii) in the event a bankruptcy proceeding is commenced by or against the foregoing entities, the resulting debtor -in- possession under United States bankruptcy law, or any equivalent status under foreign law. F. Company Takeover means: 1. the Named Insured consolidating with or merging into, or selling all or substantially all of its assets to any other person or entity, or group of persons or entities acting in concert; or
[OCR] AIG] GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS THIS IS A CLAIMS MADE AND REPORTED POLICY. PLEASE READ IT CAREFULLY. ALL WORDS IN BOLD FACE TYPE SHALL HAVE THE MEANINGS SET FORTH IN SECTION Il. GENERAL DEFINITIONS OF THESE GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS, OR UNDER THE DEFINITIONS SECTION OF EACH COVERAGE PART. In consideration of the payment of Premium, and subject to the agreement of the Named Insured to pay the Retention amount stated in the Declarations and as set forth in this Policy, and in reliance upon the Application, which shall be deemed incorporated herein, and subject to all of the terms, conditions, limitations, exclusions, and endorsements to this Policy, the Insurer and the Insured agree as follows: l APPLICATION OF GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS This Policy is comprised of the Application, the Declarations, these GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS, all Coverage Parts that have been purchased, and any endorsements. These GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS apply to all Coverage Parts that have been purchased by the Insured, as indicated in Item 2. of the Declarations. A Coverage Part is included within this Policy and affords coverage only if the Coverage Part is designated in the Declarations as being purchased by the Insured. The respective terms and provisions of each Coverage Part shall apply only to that Coverage Part and shall in no way be construed as applying to any other Coverage Part. If any provision in these GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS is inconsistent or in conflict with the terms and conditions of any Coverage Part, the terms and conditions of such Coverage Part shall control for purposes of that Coverage Part. u GENERAL DEFINITIONS A. Advisory Board means a board or committee of a Company formed pursuant to such Company's partnership agreement, resolutions, or equivalent organizational or governance documents. Application means the written application for this Policy along with any written attachments, warranties, and any other material submitted with or incorporated into such application, as well as any other documents submitted in connection with the underwriting of this Policy or any other policy issued by the Insurer, or any of its affiliates, of which this Policy is in whole or in part a renewal or replacement; and all publicly available documents prepared by the Company in the past 12 months and which are reviewed in connection with the underwriting of this Policy or any policy issued by the Insurer of which this Policy is in whole or in part a renewal or replacement. Claim shall have the meaning attributed to that term in each applicable Coverage Part; and solely with respect to the COMMERCIAL CRIME COVERAGE PART, if purchased, shall include any Occurrence. Clean Up Costs means expenses (including but not limited to legal and professional fees) incurred in testing for, monitoring, cleaning up, remediating, containing, removing, treating, neutralizing, detoxifying, or assessing the effects of Pollutants. Company means: the (i) Named Insured; (ii) and any Subsidiary thereof; and (iii) in the event a bankruptcy proceeding is commenced by or against the foregoing entities, the resulting debtor-in- possession under United States bankruptcy law, or any equivalent status under foreign law. Company Takeover means: 1 the Named Insured consolidating with or merging into, or selling all or substantially all of its assets to any other person or entity, or group of persons or entities acting in concert; or
[PAGE 5 END]
[PAGE 6 START]
[TEXT] Page 2 of 14 CGTC 1001 (10/17)
[PAGE 6 END]
[PAGE 7 START]
[TEXT] 2. any person or entity or group of persons or entities acting in concert acquiring more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding stock or other interest representing the right to vote, designate or select: ( i) a majority of the Board of Directors if the Named Insured is a corporation; or (ii) a majority of the management board if the Named Insured is a limited liability company. G. Coverage Part means each coverage part that is listed as purchased in Item 2. of the Declarations. H. Defense Expenses means reasonable and necessary legal fees and expenses incurred in the defense of a Claim, including the premium for an appeal bond; provided, however, that the Insurer shall not be required to apply for or furnish such bonds. Defense Expenses shall not include: (i) any of the Insured's overhead expenses, or any wages, salaries, benefits, or costs of Insured Persons or any other representative, agent or servant of any Insured; (ii) Dodd-Frank 954 Costs; (iii) Sox 304 Costs; and (iv) Derivative Investigation Costs. I. Derivative Investigation Costs shall have the same meaning attributed to that term in each applicable Coverage Part J. Dodd-Frank 954 Costs shall have the same meaning attributed to that term in the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART. K. Domestic Partner means any individual person legally recognized as a domestic or civil union partner under: 1. the provisions of any applicable federal, state, or local law; or 2. the provisions of any formal program established by the Company. L. Employee means any past or present employee whose labor or service is engaged by and directed by the Company while performing duties related to the conduct of the Company's business. Employee includes leased, part-time, seasonal and temporary workers, volunteers and interns; and independent contractors who are treated under applicable law as employees of the Company. Employee shall not include Executives. M. Employment Claim means any Claim alleging an Employment Practices Wrongful Act against an Insured brought by or on behalf of any past or present Insured Person or any applicant for employment with the Company. N. Employment Practices Wrongful Act means any actual or alleged: 1. wrongful termination, including but not limited to discharge, or dismissal of employment, whether actual or constructive; 2. violation of any federal, state, local, foreign, or common law prohibiting employment discrimination, including but not limited to: the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967; the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990; the Civil Rights Act of 1866 and 1991; the Civil Rights Law of 1964; the Equal Pay Act of 1963; the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993; the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008; the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act of 1990; or any rule or regulation promulgated under any of the foregoing provisions; 3. discrimination based upon race, color, age, religion, gender, sexual orientation, disability, national origin, pregnancy, or any other basis prohibited by law; 4. wrongful: deprivation of career opportunity; failure to employ or promote; discipline or evaluation; demotion; denial of tenure; or modification of any term or condition of employment; 5. retaliation in response to an Employee exercising any lawful right; 6. sexual or other harassment in the workplace; 7. abusive or hostile work environment, including workplace bullying and cyber bullying; 8. negligent retention, hiring or training, supervision, or failure to provide or enforce consistent employment-related corporate policies or procedures; or Page 3 of 14 CGTC 1001 (10/17)
[OCR] any person or entity or group of persons or entities acting in concert acquiring more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding stock or other interest representing the right to vote, designate or select: (i) a majority of the Board of Directors if the Named Insured is a corporation; or (ii) a majority of the management board if the Named Insured is a limited liability company. Coverage Part means each coverage part that is listed as purchased in Item 2. of the Declarations. Defense Expenses means reasonable and necessary legal fees and expenses incurred in the defense of a Claim, including the premium for an appeal bond; provided, however, that the Insurer shall not be required to apply for or furnish such bonds. Defense Expenses shall not include: (i) any of the Insured's overhead expenses, or any wages, salaries, benefits, or costs of Insured Persons or any other representative, agent or servant of any Insured; (ii) Dodd-Frank 954 Costs; (iii) Sox 304 Costs; and (iv) Derivative Investigation Costs. Derivative Investigation Costs shall have the same meaning attributed to that term in each applicable Coverage Part Dodd-Frank 954 Costs shall have the same meaning attributed to that term in the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART. Domestic Partner means any individual person legally recognized as a domestic or civil union partner under: 1 the provisions of any applicable federal, state, or local law; or 2 the provisions of any formal program established by the Company. Employee means any past or present employee whose labor or service is engaged by and directed by the Company while performing duties related to the conduct of the Company's business. Employee includes leased, part-time, seasonal and temporary workers, volunteers and interns; and independent contractors who are treated under applicable law as employees of the Company. Employee shall not include Executives. Employment Claim means any Claim alleging an Employment Practices Wrongful Act against an Insured brought by or on behalf of any past or present Insured Person or any applicant for employment with the Company. Employment Practices Wrongful Act means any actual or alleged: 1 wrongful termination, including but not limited to discharge, or dismissal of employment, whether actual or constructive; or common violation of any federal, state, local, foreign, law prohibiting employment discrimination, including but not limited to: the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967; the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990; the Civil Rights Act of 1866 and 1991; the Civil Rights Law of 1964; the Equal Pay Act of 1963; the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993; the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008; the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act of 1990; or any rule or regulation promulgated under any of the foregoing provisions; discrimination based upon race, color, age, religion, gender, sexual orientation, disability, national origin, pregnancy, or any other basis prohibited by law; wrongful: deprivation of career opportunity; failure to employ or promote; discipline or evaluation; demotion; denial of tenure; or modification of any term or condition of employment; retaliation in response to an Employee exercising any lawful right; sexual or other harassment in the workplace; abusive or hostile work environment, including workplace bullying and cyber bullying; negligent retention, hiring or training, supervision, or failure to provide or enforce consistent employment-related corporate policies or procedures; or Page 3 of 14 CGTC 1001 (10/17)
[PAGE 7 END]
[PAGE 8 START]
[TEXT] O. Executive means any natural person who was, now is, or shall be a duly elected or appointed director, manager or member of the management board (if the Company is a limited liability company), Advisory Board, trustee, governor, officer, risk manager, Board Observer, Shadow/De Facto Director, or in-house general counsel, or a holder of a title, position or capacity equivalent to any of these positions, of any Company. P. Insured shall have the same meaning attributed to that term in each applicable Coverage Part. Q. Insured Person shall have the same meaning attributed to that term in each applicable Coverage Part. R. Insurer means the insurance company issuing this Policy. S. Interrelated Wrongful Acts means any Wrongful Acts that are: 1. repeated or continuous; 2. connected by reason of any common circumstance, situation, transaction, casualty, event, decision or policy; or 3. part of the same series of facts, circumstances, situations, transactions, casualties, events, decisions, or policies. T. Loss shall have the same meaning attributed to that term in each applicable Coverage Part; and with respect to the COMMERCIAL CRIME COVERAGE PART, Loss means the amounts covered under such applicable Coverage Part. U. Named Insured means the entity identified as such in the Declarations. V. Not-For-Profit Entity means any corporation or organization other than the Company which is exempt from taxation under the Internal Revenue Code, as amended, or any rule or regulation promulgated thereunder. W. Occurrence shall have the same meaning attributed to that term in the COMMERCIAL CRIME COVERAGE PART. X. Policy Period means the time period beginning at the inception date and time specified in the Declarations as the Policy Period, and ending at the earlier of the expiration date and time stated in the Declarations as the Policy Period or the effective date and time of the cancellation of this Policy. Y. Pollutants means any substance that exhibits any hazardous characteristics as defined by, or identified on, a list of hazardous substances issued by the United States Environmental Protection Agency or any state, county, local, or foreign equivalent thereof, including, but not limited to, solids, liquids, gaseous, or thermal irritants, contaminants or smoke, vapor, dust, soot, fumes, acids, alkalis, chemicals or waste materials (including, but not limited to, recycled, reconditioned, or reclaimed sewage or waste water, nuclear materials, or infectious or medical waste); or any air emission, magnetic or electric waves or emissions, odor, oil or oil products, asbestos or asbestos products, fibers, mold, spores, fungi, germs, bacteria, viruses or any noise. Z. Securities Claim means any Claim that: 1. a security holder of the Company brings in his or her capacity as such, whether individually or by class action, which alleges any Wrongful Act by the Company or an Insured Person; or brings derivatively on behalf of the Company alleging any Wrongful Act by any Insured Person; or 2. in connection with the purchase or sale of, or offer or solicitation of an offer to purchase or sell, any securities of the Company, alleges the Company or an Insured Person: (i) committed a Wrongful Act; or (ii) violated any securities law, whether federal, state, local, or foreign, or any rule or regulation promulgated thereunder; Provided, however, that Securities Claim shall not include any Claim by or on behalf of an Insured Person arising out of or in any way involving the loss of, or the failure to receive or obtain from the Company, any stock, Page 4 of 14 CGTC 1001 (10/17)
[OCR] Executive means any natural person who was, now is, or shall be a duly elected or appointed director, manager or member of the management board {if the Company is a limited liability company), Advisory Board, trustee, governor, officer, risk manager, Board Observer, Shadow/De Facto Director, or in-house general counsel, or a holder of a title, position or capacity equivalent to any of these positions, of any Company. Insured shall have the same meaning attributed to that term in each applicable Coverage Part. Insured Person shall have the same meaning attributed to that term in each applicable Coverage Part. Insurer means the insurance company issuing this Policy. Interrelated Wrongful Acts means any Wrongful Acts that are: 1 repeated or continuous; 2 connected by reason of any common circumstance, situation, transaction, casualty, event, decision or policy; or part of the same series of facts, circumstances, situations, transactions, casualties, events, decisions, or policies. Loss shall have the same meaning attributed to that term in each applicable Coverage Part; and with respect to the COMMERCIAL CRIME COVERAGE PART, Loss means the amounts covered under such applicable Coverage Part. Named Insured means the entity identified as such in the Declarations. Not-For-Profit Entity means any corporation or organization other than the Company which is exempt from taxation under the Internal Revenue Code, as amended, or any rule or regulation promulgated thereunder. Occurrence shall have the same meaning attributed to that term in the COMMERCIAL CRIME COVERAGE PART. Policy Period means the time period beginning at the inception date and time specified in the Declarations as the Policy Period, and ending at the earlier of the expiration date and time stated in the Declarations as the Policy Period or the effective date and time of the cancellation of this Policy. Pollutants means any substance that exhibits any hazardous characteristics as defined by, or identified on, a list of hazardous substances issued by the United States Environmental Protection Agency or any state, county, local, or foreign equivalent thereof, including, but not limited to, solids, liquids, gaseous, or thermal irritants, contaminants or smoke, vapor, dust, soot, fumes, acids, alkalis, chemicals or waste materials (including, but not limited to, recycled, reconditioned, or reclaimed sewage or waste water, nuclear materials, or infectious or medical waste); or any air emission, magnetic or electric waves or emissions, odor, oil or oil products, asbestos or asbestos products, fibers, mold, spores, fungi, germs, bacteria, viruses or any noise. Securities Claim means any Claim that: 1 a security holder of the Company brings in his or her capacity as such, whether individually or by class action, which alleges any Wrongful Act by the Company or an Insured Person; or brings derivatively on behalf of the Company alleging any Wrongful Act by any Insured Person; or in connection with the purchase or sale of, or offer or solicitation of an offer to purchase or sell, any securities of the Company, alleges the Company or an Insured Person: (i) committed a Wrongful Act; or (ii) violated any securities law, whether federal, state, local, or foreign, or any rule or regulation promulgated thereunder; Provided, however, that Securities Claim shall not include any Claim by or on behalf of an Insured Person arising out of or in any way involving the loss of, or the failure to receive or obtain from the Company, any stock, Page 4 of 14 CGTC 1001 (10/17)
[PAGE 8 END]
[PAGE 9 START]
[TEXT] AA. Security Holder Derivative Demand shall have the same meaning attributed to that term in each applicable Coverage Part. BB. Sox 304 Costs shall have the same meaning attributed to that term in the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART. CC. Subsidiary means: 1. any corporation or limited liability company of which the Named Insured owns, directly or indirectly through one or more of its Subsidiaries, more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding stock or other interest representing the present right to vote, designate, or select a majority of the Board of Directors of a corporation or of the management board of a limited liability company; but only during such time as the Named Insured owns, directly or indirectly through one or more of its Subsidiaries, more than fifty percent (50%) of such outstanding stock or other interest representing the present right to vote, designate, or select a majority of the Board of Directors of a corporation or of the management board of a limited liability company; or 2. any joint venture entity in which the Named Insured, or any entity described in paragraph 1., above, has exactly fifty percent (50%) ownership of the interests of such joint venture entity and where, pursuant to a written joint venture agreement, the Named Insured or any entity described in paragraph 1., above, controls the management and operations of such joint venture entity. In the event a Subsidiary is acquired at any point during the Policy Period, then Section XIII. General Conditions, Subsection E. Mergers and Acquisitions, of these GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS shall apply. DD. Third-Party Discrimination means any violation of any federal, state, local, foreign, or common law concerning discrimination against, or sexual harassment of, any natural person other than an Insured Person, including customers, clients, vendors, service providers, and business invitees. EE. Third-Party Discrimination Claim means any Claim against an Insured, other than an Employment Claim, alleging any Insured committed Third-Party Discrimination. FF. Voluntary Settlement shall have the same meaning attributed to that term in the FIDUCIARY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART. GG. Wrongful Act shall have the same meaning attributed to that term in each applicable Coverage Part. III. GENERAL POLICY EXCLUSIONS The Insurer shall not be liable to pay any Loss in connection with any Claim: A. brought about or contributed to by: (i) the gaining of any personal profit or financial advantage to which an Insured was not legally entitled; or (ii) by the committing of any intentional criminal or deliberate fraudulent act, if such profit or advantage or intentional criminal or deliberate fraudulent act is established by a final, non -appealable adjudication in the underlying action. For the purpose of applying this exclusion, any Wrongful Act of the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer of the Company shall be imputed to such Company. With the exception of the possible imputation of Wrongful Acts described in the preceding sentence, no Wrongful Act of an Insured may be imputed to any other Insured. In addition, Section A. (i) of this exclusion shall not apply to any Securities Claim arising out of a public offering of securities of the Company; B. for any actual or alleged bodily injury, mental anguish or emotional distress, disease, sickness, or death of any person, or damage to or destruction of any tangible property, including the loss of use thereof; provided, however, this exclusion shall not apply to: 1. emotional distress and mental anguish damages asserted in any Employment Claim; 2. Defense Expenses incurred in a criminal proceeding for manslaughter (or for any similar offense); or Page 5 of 14 CGTC 1001 (10/17)
[OCR] AA. Security Holder Derivative Demand shall have the same meaning attributed to that term in each applicable Coverage Part. BB. Sox 304 Costs shall have the same meaning attributed to that term in the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART. CC. Subsidiary means: 1 any corporation or limited liability company of which the Named Insured owns, directly or indirectly through one or more of its Subsidiaries, more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding stock or other interest representing the present right to vote, designate, or select a majority of the Board of Directors of a corporation or of the management board of a limited liability company; but only during such time as the Named Insured owns, directly or indirectly through one or more of its Subsidiaries, more than fifty percent (50%) of such outstanding stock or other interest representing the present right to vote, designate, or select a majority of the Board of Directors of a corporation or of the management board of a limited liability company; or any joint venture entity in which the Named Insured, or any entity described in paragraph 1., above, has exactly fifty percent (50%) ownership of the interests of such joint venture entity and where, pursuant to a written joint venture agreement, the Named Insured or any entity described in paragraph 1., above, controls the management and operations of such joint venture entity. In the event a Subsidiary is acquired at any point during the Policy Period, then Section XIll. General Conditions, Subsection E. Mergers and Acquisitions, of these GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS shall apply. DD. Third-Party Discrimination means any violation of any federal, state, local, foreign, or common law concerning discrimination against, or sexual harassment of, any natural person other than an Insured Person, including customers, clients, vendors, service providers, and business invitees. EE. Third-Party Discrimination Claim means any Claim against an Insured, other than an Employment Claim, alleging any Insured committed Third-Party Discrimination. FF Voluntary Settlement shall have the same meaning attributed to that term in the FIDUCIARY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART. GG. Wrongful Act shall have the same meaning attributed to that term in each applicable Coverage Part. WM. GENERAL POLICY EXCLUSIONS The Insurer shall not be liable to pay any Loss in connection with any Claim: A brought about or contributed to by: (i) the gaining of any personal profit or financial advantage to which an Insured was not legally entitled; or (ii) by the committing of any intentional criminal or deliberate fraudulent act, if such profit or advantage or intentional criminal or deliberate fraudulent act is established by a_ final, non -appealable adjudication in the underlying action. For the purpose of applying this exclusion, any Wrongful Act of the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer of the Company shall be imputed to such Company. With the exception of the possible imputation of Wrongful Acts described in the preceding sentence, no Wrongful Act of an Insured may be imputed to any other Insured. In addition, Section A. {i) of this exclusion shall not apply to any Securities Claim arising out of a public offering of securities of the Company; for any actual or alleged bodily injury, mental anguish or emotional distress, disease, sickness, or death of any person, or damage to or destruction of any tangible property, including the loss of use thereof; provided, however, this exclusion shall not apply to: 1 emotional distress and mental anguish damages asserted in any Employment Claim; 2. Defense Expenses incurred in a criminal proceeding for manslaughter (or for any similar offense); or Page 5 of 14 CGTC 1001 (10/17)
[PAGE 9 END]
[PAGE 10 START]
[TEXT] C. arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving any written demand, suit, proceeding or other claim, or any investigation of which any Insured had notice, pending on or prior to the respective Coverage Part Pending or Prior Litigation Date stated in Item 2. of the Declarations, or any fact, matter, circumstance, situation, transaction or event underlying or alleged in such written demand, suit, proceeding, claim or investigation; provided, however, that this exclusion shall apply solely to the Coverage Part for which the Insured's notice of the written demand, suit, proceeding or other claim, or any investigation preceded its respective Pending or Prior Litigation Date; D. arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving; 1. any Wrongful Act alleged in any demand, suit, proceeding or other claim which has been the subject of any notice given or reported prior to the inception of the Policy Period, or in any circumstance of which notice has been given under any policy of which this Policy or any Coverage Part is a renewal, replacement, or succeeds in time; or 2. any other Wrongful Act whenever occurring, which together with a Wrongful Act which has been the subject of such prior claim or notice, would constitute Interrelated Wrongful Acts; E. arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving: ( i) any access to or disclosure of any person's or organization's confidential or personal information, including patents, trade secrets, processing methods, customer lists, financial information, credit card information, health information or any other type of nonpublic or personally identifiable nonpublic information; or (ii) any unauthorized access to, failure, malfunction or breakdown of any computer, electrical, electronic or mechanical systems, or machines; provided, however, that this exclusion shall not apply to any Claim otherwise covered under the CYBER LIABILITY COVERAGE PART, or any Claim brought by a shareholder of the Company otherwise covered under the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART, if purchased; F. arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving any Employment Claim, Third-Party Discrimination Claim, Employment Practices Wrongful Acts, or Third-Party Discrimination; provided, however, this exclusion shall not apply to the EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES AND THIRD-PARTY DISCRIMINATION LIABILITY COVERAGE PART, if purchased; or G. for any actual or alleged violation of any of the responsibilities, obligations or duties imposed by: 1. the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA), or amendments thereto or regulations thereunder or any similar foreign, state, local or common law; provided, however, that this exclusion shall not apply to any Claim otherwise covered by the FIDUCIARY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART, if purchased; 2. the Occupational Safety and Health Act (OSHA), the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act (WARN), the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (COBRA), the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA), or other similar provisions of any federal, state or local statutory or common law, or any rules or regulations promulgated under any of the foregoing; 3. the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA), as amended, or any other foreign, federal, state, or local law, whether statutory or common law, governing the classification of employees to determine their eligibility for compensation or the payment of wages, overtime, on-call time, rest periods or minimum wages; 4. any employment-related tort; provided, however, that this paragraph shall not apply to any Employment Claim otherwise covered under the EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES AND THIRD-PARTY DISCRIMINATION LIABILITY COVERAGE PART, if purchased; or 5. any law governing workers' compensation, unemployment insurance, social security, disability benefits, or any similar foreign, state, local or common law; Provided, however, that this exclusion shall not apply to Employment Claims for retaliation otherwise covered under the EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES AND THIRD-PARTY DISCRIMINATION LIABILITY COVERAGE PART, if purchased. Page 6 of 14 CGTC 1001 (10/17)
[OCR] arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving any written demand, suit, proceeding or other claim, or any investigation of which any Insured had notice, pending on or prior to the respective Coverage Part Pending or Prior Litigation Date stated in Item 2. of the Declarations, or any fact, matter, circumstance, situation, transaction or event underlying or alleged in such written demand, suit, proceeding, claim or investigation; provided, however, that this exclusion shall apply solely to the Coverage Part for which the Insured's notice of the written demand, suit, proceeding or other claim, or any investigation preceded its respective Pending or Prior Litigation Date; arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving; 1 any Wrongful Act alleged in any demand, suit, proceeding or other claim which has been the subject of any notice given or reported prior to the inception of the Policy Period, or in any circumstance of which notice has been given under any policy of which this Policy or any Coverage Part is a renewal, replacement, or succeeds in time; or any other Wrongful Act whenever occurring, which together with a Wrongful Act which has been the subject of such prior claim or notice, would constitute Interrelated Wrongful Acts; arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving: (i) any access to or disclosure of any person's or organization's confidential or personal information, including patents, trade secrets, processing methods, customer lists, financial information, credit card information, health information or any other type of nonpublic or personally identifiable nonpublic information; or (ii) any unauthorized access to, failure, malfunction or breakdown of any computer, electrical, electronic or mechanical systems, or machines; provided, however, that this exclusion shall not apply to any Claim otherwise covered under the CYBER LIABILITY COVERAGE PART, or any Claim brought by a shareholder of the Company otherwise covered under the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART, if purchased; arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving any Employment Claim, Third-Party Discrimination Claim, Employment Practices Wrongful Acts, or Third-Party Discrimination; provided, however, this exclusion shall not apply to the EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES AND THIRD-PARTY DISCRIMINATION LIABILITY COVERAGE PART, if purchased; or for any actual or alleged violation of any of the responsibilities, obligations or duties imposed by: 1 the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA), or amendments thereto or regulations thereunder or any similar foreign, state, local or common law; provided, however, that this exclusion shall not apply to any Claim otherwise covered by the FIDUCIARY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART, if purchased; the Occupational Safety and Health Act (OSHA), the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act (WARN), the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (COBRA), the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA), or other similar provisions of any federal, state or local statutory or common law, or any rules or regulations promulgated under any of the foregoing; the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA), as amended, or any other foreign, federal, state, or local law, whether statutory or common law, governing the classification of employees to determine their eligibility for compensation or the payment of wages, overtime, on-call time, rest periods or minimum wages; any employment-related tort; provided, however, that this paragraph shall not apply to any Employment Claim otherwise covered under the EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES AND THIRD-PARTY DISCRIMINATION LIABILITY COVERAGE PART, if purchased; or any law goveming workers' compensation, unemployment insurance, social security, disability benefits, or any similar foreign, state, local or common law; Provided, however, that this exclusion shall not apply to Employment Claims for retaliation otherwise covered under the EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES AND THIRD-PARTY DISCRIMINATION LIABILITY COVERAGE PART, if purchased. Page 6 of 14 CGTC 1001 (10/17)
[PAGE 10 END]
[PAGE 11 START]
[TEXT] IV. DEFENSE AND SETTLEMENT A. Defense 1. The Insureds, and not the Insurer, shall have the duty to defend all Claims. It shall not be the duty of the Insurer to defend any Claim under this Policy; but the Insurer shall have a right to associate in the defense of all Claims. 2. No Insured may incur any Defense Expenses or admit any liability for, make any settlement offer with respect to, or settle any Claim without the Insurer's written consent, such consent not to be unreasonably delayed or withheld. B. Optional Tender of Defense 1. Notwithstanding Section IV.A., above, the Named Insured shall have the right to tender the defense of the Claim to the Insurer on behalf of all Insureds provided such right is exercised in writing at the time the Claim is first made and reported under Section VIII. NOTICE OF CLAIM AND WRONGFUL ACT, but in no event later than 30 days after the Insured first learns of the Claim. 2. From the date the Claim is first made against the Insured to the date when the Insurer accepts the optional tender of the defense of such Claim, no Insured may incur any Defense Expenses or admit any liability for, make any settlement offer with respect to, or settle such Claim, or take any action, or fail to take any required action, that prejudices the rights of the Insureds or the Insurer with respect to such Claim. 3. Provided that the Insureds have complied with the foregoing, the Insurer shall be obligated to assume the defense of the Claim, even if such Claim is groundless, false or fraudulent, provided, however, that the Insurer shall not be obligated to defend such Claim after the least of the following has been exhausted: (i) the Policy Maximum Aggregate Limit of Liability; (ii) the Aggregate Limit of Liability of the applicable Coverage Part; or (iii) or any applicable Sub-Limit of Liability. 4. The assumption of defense of the Claim shall be effective upon written confirmation sent by the Insurer to the Policyholder. Once the defense has been so tendered, the Insured shall have the right to effectively associate with the Insurer in the defense and negotiation of any settlement of any Claim, subject to the provisions of this Subsection IV.B. The Option to Tender afforded pursuant to this Subsection IV.B shall not be afforded for any Claim alleging, in whole or in part, any violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA), as amended, or any other foreign, federal, state, or local law, whether statutory or common law, governing the classification of employees to determine their eligibility for compensation or the payment of wages, overtime, on-call time, rest periods or minimum wages. C. Settlement The Insurer has the right to investigate, conduct negotiations and with the Insured's written consent, settle any Claim that is covered by this Policy. The Insurer shall not settle or compromise any Claim without the written consent of the Insured, such consent to not be unreasonably delayed or withheld. V. LIMITS OF LIABILITY A. The amount stated in Item 1. of the Declarations as the Policy Maximum Aggregate Limit of Liability shall be the Insurer's maximum aggregate liability for all payment obligations under this Policy under all Coverage Parts, combined, including any matter noticed during the Discovery Period, if applicable. All obligations of the Insurer under this Policy shall cease after the Policy Maximum Aggregate Limit of Liability stated in Item 1. of the Declarations has been paid by the Insurer. Page 7 of 14 CGTC 1001 (10/17)
[OCR] IV. DEFENSE AND SETTLEMENT A. Defense The Insureds, and not the Insurer, shall have the duty to defend all Claims. It shall not be the duty of the Insurer to defend any Claim under this Policy; but the Insurer shall have a right to associate in the defense of all Claims. No Insured may incur any Defense Expenses or admit any liability for, make any settlement offer with respect to, or settle any Claim without the Insurer's written consent, such consent not to be unreasonably delayed or withheld. B. Optional Tender of Defense 1 Notwithstanding Section IV.A., above, the Named Insured shall have the right to tender the defense of the Claim to the Insurer on behalf of all Insureds provided such right is exercised in writing at the time the Claim is first made and reported under Section Vill. NOTICE OF CLAIM AND WRONGFUL ACT, but in no event later than 30 days after the Insured first learns of the Claim. From the date the Claim is first made against the Insured to the date when the Insurer accepts the optional tender of the defense of such Claim, no Insured may incur any Defense Expenses or admit any liability for, make any settlement offer with respect to, or settle such Claim, or take any action, or fail to take any required action, that prejudices the rights of the Insureds or the Insurer with respect to such Claim. Provided that the Insureds have complied with the foregoing, the Insurer shall be obligated to assume the defense of the Claim, even if such Claim is groundless, false or fraudulent, provided, however, that the Insurer shall not be obligated to defend such Claim after the least of the following has been exhausted: (i) the Policy Maximum Aggregate Limit of Liability; (ii) the Aggregate Limit of Liability of the applicable Coverage Part; or {iii) or any applicable Sub-Limit of Liability. The assumption of defense of the Claim shall be effective upon written confirmation sent by the Insurer to the Policyholder. Once the defense has been so tendered, the Insured shall have the right to effectively associate with the Insurer in the defense and negotiation of any settlement of any Claim, subject to the provisions of this Subsection IV.B. The Option to Tender afforded pursuant to this Subsection IV.B shall not be afforded for any Claim alleging, in whole or in part, any violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA), as amended, or any other foreign, federal, state, or local law, whether statutory or common law, governing the classification of employees to determine their eligibility for compensation or the payment of wages, overtime, on-call time, rest periods or minimum wages. Settlement The Insurer has the right to investigate, conduct negotiations and with the Insured's written consent, settle any Claim that is covered by this Policy. The Insurer shall not settle or compromise any Claim without the written consent of the Insured, such consent to not be unreasonably delayed or withheld. Vv. LIMITS OF LIABILITY A The amount stated in Item 1. of the Declarations as the Policy Maximum Aggregate Limit of Liability shall be the Insurer's maximum aggregate liability for all payment obligations under this Policy under all Coverage Parts, combined, including any matter noticed during the Discovery Period, if applicable. All obligations of the Insurer under this Policy shall cease after the Policy Maximum Aggregate Limit of Liability stated in Item 1 of the Declarations has been paid by the Insurer. Page 7 of 14 CGTC 1001 (10/17)
[PAGE 11 END]
[PAGE 12 START]
[TEXT] B. The amounts stated in Item 2. of the Declarations as the Aggregate Limit of Liability for each purchased Coverage Part listed shall be the maximum aggregate limit of liability of the Insurer under such Coverage Part for all payment obligations under this Policy. The amount set forth in Item 2. of the Declarations as the Aggregate Limit of Liability for each respective Coverage Part purchased shall be part of, and not in addition to, the amount stated in Item 1. of the Declarations as the Policy Maximum Aggregate Limit of Liability under the Policy. The amounts stated in Item 2. of the Declarations as the Sub-Limit of Liability under such Coverage Part, or the amount(s) listed as Limits of Liability for covered loss under COMMERCIAL CRIME COVERAGE PART, shall be the maximum aggregate limit of liability for the Insurer under such sub-limited coverage, such amount being part of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate Limit of Liability for such Coverage Part. The Insurer's obligations under this Policy shall cease with respect to any respective Coverage Parts purchased after the Aggregate Limit of Liability under such Coverage Part has been paid by the Insurer. If Shared Limits of Liability are indicated for any purchased Coverage Part under Item 2. of the Declarations, then each such Shared Limit of Liability shall be the maximum aggregate limit of the Insurer's liability for all amounts and all Loss of all Insureds during the Policy Period or the Discovery Period, if applicable, with respect to the applicable Coverage Parts subject to the shared limits, combined. The Limit of Liability respecting each Coverage Part which is indicated as Shared Limit of Liability in Item 2. of the Declarations shall be part of and not in addition to the Shared Limit of Liability of every other Coverage Part which is also indicated as Shared Limit of Liability in Item 2. of the Declarations. Furthermore, the Shared Limit of Liability for the Discovery Period shall be part of and not in addition to, this Shared Limit of Liability for the Policy Period. Each Shared Limit of Liability shall be part of and not in addition to the POLICY MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIMIT OF LIABILITY in Item 1. of the Declarations. Any Sub-Limit of Liability provided in the Policy shall be part of and not in addition to Aggregate Limit of Liability as shown in the Declarations for the respective Coverage Part to which the Sub-Limit applies. Payment of Loss from such sublimit shall reduce the Aggregate Limit of Liability and any applicable Shared Limit of Liability. C. Defense Expenses are part of, and not in addition to, the applicable limit of liability, and payment of Defense Expenses by the Insurer shall reduce and may exhaust the applicable limits of liability; provided, however that: 1. Notwithstanding anything in this Subsection C. to the contrary and subject to paragraphs 2. 3., and 4., immediately below, if an Additional Dedicated Limit of Liability for Defense Expenses is purchased as indicated in Item 4. of the Declarations, then an additional Limit of Liability in the amount indicated in the Declarations as the Additional Dedicated Limit of Liability for Defense Expenses shall be available solely for Defense Expenses covered under this Policy ("Additional Defense Expenses"); 2. The amount indicated in the Declarations as the Additional Dedicated Limit of Liability for Defense Expenses shall be the limit for all such Additional Defense Expenses per Claim and in the aggregate, which amount is in addition to, and not part of, the Aggregate Limit of Liability for any Coverage Part exhausted by payments by the Insurer for Defense Expenses covered by this Policy; 3. Such Additional Dedicated Limit of Liability for Defense Expenses shall not apply to any Claim arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving: the same, or any similar or related, Wrongful Act or Interrelated Wrongful Act for which there has been any payment of Loss under any Aggregate Limit of Liability for any Coverage Part; and 4. The Additional Dedicated Limit of Liability for Defense Expenses is excess any insurance available that is specifically excess to this Policy, and such excess insurance must be completely exhausted by payment of loss, damages or defense costs thereunder before the Insurer shall have any obligation to make any payment on account of the Additional Dedicated Limit of Liability for Non-Indemnified Loss. D. If coverage is available for a Claim under more than one Coverage Part, then the maximum applicable limit of liability for such Claim shall be the largest applicable remaining Aggregate Limit of Liability under only one of the applicable Coverage Parts. The Insurer's obligations under this Policy shall cease with respect to such a Claim when the largest applicable remaining Aggregate Limit of Liability under only one of the applicable Coverage Parts is exhausted. Page 8 of 14 CGTC 1001 (10/17)
[OCR] The amounts stated in Item 2. of the Declarations as the Aggregate Limit of Liability for each purchased Coverage Part listed shall be the maximum aggregate limit of liability of the Insurer under such Coverage Part for all payment obligations under this Policy. The amount set forth in Item 2. of the Declarations as the Aggregate Limit of Liability for each respective Coverage Part purchased shall be part of, and not in addition to, the amount stated in Item 1. of the Declarations as the Policy Maximum Aggregate Limit of Liability under the Policy. The amounts stated in Item 2. of the Declarations as the Sub-Limit of Liability under such Coverage Part, or the amount(s) listed as Limits of Liability for covered loss under COMMERCIAL CRIME COVERAGE PART, shall be the maximum aggregate limit of liability for the Insurer under such sub-limited coverage, such amount being part of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate Limit of Liability for such Coverage Part. The Insurer's obligations under this Policy shall cease with respect to any respective Coverage Parts purchased after the Aggregate Limit of Liability under such Coverage Part has been paid by the Insurer. If Shared Limits of Liability are indicated for any purchased Coverage Part under Item 2. of the Declarations, then each such Shared Limit of Liability shall be the maximum aggregate limit of the Insurer's liability for all amounts and all Loss of all Insureds during the Policy Period or the Discovery Period, if applicable, with respect to the applicable Coverage Parts subject to the shared limits, combined. The Limit of Liability respecting each Coverage Part which is indicated as Shared Limit of Liability in Item 2. of the Declarations shall be part of and not in addition to the Shared Limit of Liability of every other Coverage Part which is also indicated as Shared Limit of Liability in Item 2. of the Declarations. Furthermore, the Shared Limit of Liability for the Discovery Period shall be part of and not in addition to, this Shared Limit of Liability for the Policy Period. Each Shared Limit of Liability shall be part of and not in addition to the POLICY MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIMIT OF LIABILITY in Item 1. of the Declarations. Any Sub-Limit of Liability provided in the Policy shall be part of and not in addition to Aggregate Limit of Liability as shown in the Declarations for the respective Coverage Part to which the Sub-Limit applies. Payment of Loss from such sublimit shall reduce the Aggregate Limit of Liability and any applicable Shared Limit of Liability. Defense Expenses are part of, and not in addition to, the applicable limit of liability, and payment of Defense Expenses by the Insurer shall reduce and may exhaust the applicable limits of liability; provided, however that: 1 Notwithstanding anything in this Subsection C. to the contrary and subject to paragraphs 2. 3., and 4., immediately below, if an Additional Dedicated Limit of Liability for Defense Expenses is purchased as indicated in Item 4. of the Declarations, then an additional Limit of Liability in the amount indicated in the Declarations as the Additional Dedicated Limit of Liability for Defense Expenses shall be available solely for Defense Expenses covered under this Policy ("Additional Defense Expenses”), The amount indicated in the Declarations as the Additional Dedicated Limit of Liability for Defense Expenses shall be the limit for all such Additional Defense Expenses per Claim and in the aggregate, which amount is in addition to, and not part of, the Aggregate Limit of Liability for any Coverage Part exhausted by payments by the Insurer for Defense Expenses covered by this Policy; Such Additional Dedicated Limit of Liability for Defense Expenses shall not apply to any Claim arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving: the same, or any similar or related, Wrongful Act or Interrelated Wrongful Act for which there has been any payment of Loss under any Aggregate Limit of Liability for any Coverage Part; and The Additional Dedicated Limit of Liability for Defense Expenses is excess any insurance available that is specifically excess to this Policy, and such excess insurance must be completely exhausted by payment of loss, damages or defense costs thereunder before the Insurer shall have any obligation to make any payment on account of the Additional Dedicated Limit of Liability for Non-Indemnified Loss. If coverage is available for a Claim under more than one Coverage Part, then the maximum applicable limit of liability for such Claim shall be the largest applicable remaining Aggregate Limit of Liability under only one of the applicable Coverage Parts. The Insurer's obligations under this Policy shall cease with respect to such a Claim when the largest applicable remaining Aggregate Limit of Liability under only one of the applicable Coverage Parts is exhausted. Page 8 of 14 CGTC 1001 (10/17)
[PAGE 12 END]
[PAGE 13 START]
[TEXT] VI. RETENTIONS A. With respect to each Claim covered under any Coverage Part, the Insurer shall only pay Loss which is in excess of the Retention that is applicable to such respective Coverage Part (or Insuring Agreement subject to a separate Retention under such Coverage Part, if indicated) as set forth in Item 2. of the Declarations, such Retention shall be borne by the Insureds. With respect to covered loss under the COMMERCIAL CRIME COVERAGE PART, Derivative Investigation Costs, Voluntary Settlements, and Supplemental Coverage, the Insurer shall only pay such covered loss, Derivative Investigation Costs, Voluntary Settlements, and any amounts payable under Supplemental Coverage, which are in excess of the applicable Retention as set forth in Item 2. of the Declarations for such applicable Coverage Part, such Retention shall be borne by the Insureds. Should the Company be unable or refuse to pay an applicable Retention due to bankruptcy or insolvency, the Insurer will then advance Loss within the Retention, subject to the other terms, conditions and exclusions of this Policy within sixty (60) days; provided, however, that the Insurer shall be entitled to recover such amounts advanced within the retention from the Company. B. If a Claim could be subject to multiple Retentions, the largest applicable Retention set forth in Item 2. of the Declarations shall apply. C. The applicable Retention shall not be reduced by any amounts that are determined to be non -covered loss pursuant to Section XI. Allocation, below. VII. ESTATES, LEGAL REPRESENTATIVES, SPOUSES, AND DOMESTIC PARTNER EXTENSION A. Coverage under this Policy, subject to its terms and the terms of each Coverage Part, shall be extended to apply to Claims for a Wrongful Act of an Insured Person made against: 1. a natural person who, at the time the Claim is made, is the lawful spouse or Domestic Partner of an Insured Person, provided that such Claim: a) arises solely out of such spouse or Domestic Partner's status as the spouse or Domestic Partner of such Insured Person; or b) seeks recovery from marital community property, other property jointly held by the spouse or Domestic Partner and such Insured Person, or property transferred from such Insured Person to the spouse or Domestic Partner; or 2. the estate, heir, legal representative or assigns of an Insured Person, in the event of such Insured Person's death, incompetency, insolvency or bankruptcy. B. There shall be no coverage extended under this Section for Loss resulting from a Claim arising from any act, error, or omission of any spouse, Domestic Partner, estate, heir, legal representative or assigns of such Insured Person. VIII. NOTICE OF CLAIM AND WRONGFUL ACT A. As a condition precedent to the obligations of the Insurer under this Policy, the Insureds shall give the Insurer written notice of any Claim, or Security Holder Derivative Demand made during the Policy Period or the Discovery Period (if applicable) against an Insured as soon as practicable, but in all events before the later of: 1. ninety (90) days after the Policy expires and is renewed with the Insurer, provided however, if the Insured can prove to the Insurer's satisfaction that it was not reasonably possible for the Insured to give such notice within the ninety (90) day time period and that subsequent notice was given as soon as reasonably possible thereafter, the Insurer shall waive the foregoing time period; or Page 9 of 14 CGTC 1001 (10/17)
[OCR] Vi. RETENTIONS A With respect to each Claim covered under any Coverage Part, the Insurer shall only pay Loss which is in excess of the Retention that is applicable to such respective Coverage Part (or Insuring Agreement subject to a separate Retention under such Coverage Part, if indicated) as set forth in Item 2. of the Declarations, such Retention shall be borne by the insureds. With respect to covered loss under the COMMERCIAL CRIME COVERAGE PART, Derivative Investigation Costs, Voluntary Settlements, and Supplemental Coverage, the Insurer shall only pay such covered loss, Derivative Investigation Costs, Voluntary Settlements, and any amounts payable under Supplemental Coverage, which are in excess of the applicable Retention as set forth in Item 2. of the Declarations for such applicable Coverage Part, such Retention shall be borne by the Insureds. Should the Company be unable or refuse to pay an applicable Retention due to bankruptcy or insolvency, the Insurer will then advance Loss within the Retention, subject to the other terms, conditions and exclusions of this Policy within sixty (60) days; provided, however, that the Insurer shall be entitled to recover such amounts advanced within the retention from the Company. If a Claim could be subject to multiple Retentions, the largest applicable Retention set forth in Item 2. of the Declarations shall apply. The applicable Retention shall not be reduced by any amounts that are determined to be non-covered loss pursuant to Section XI. Allocation, below. Vil. ESTATES, LEGAL REPRESENTATIVES, SPOUSES, AND DOMESTIC PARTNER EXTENSION A Coverage under this Policy, subject to its terms and the terms of each Coverage Part, shall be extended to apply to Claims for a Wrongful Act of an Insured Person made against: 1 a natural person who, at the time the Claim is made, is the lawful spouse or Domestic Partner of an Insured Person, provided that such Claim: a) arises solely out of such spouse or Domestic Partner's status as the spouse or Domestic Partner of such Insured Person; or b) seeks recovery from marital community property, other property jointly held by the spouse or Domestic Partner and such Insured Person, or property transferred from such Insured Person to the spouse or Domestic Partner; or the estate, heir, legal representative or assigns of an Insured Person, in the event of such Insured Person's death, incompetency, insolvency or bankruptcy. There shall be no coverage extended under this Section for Loss resulting from a Claim arising from any act, error, or omission of any spouse, Domestic Partner, estate, heir, legal representative or assigns of such Insured Person. vill. NOTICE OF CLAIM AND WRONGFUL ACT A. As a condition precedent to the obligations of the Insurer under this Policy, the Insureds shall give the Insurer written notice of any Claim, or Security Holder Derivative Demand made during the Policy Period or the Discovery Period (if applicable) against an Insured as soon as practicable, but in all events before the later of: 1 ninety (90) days after the Policy expires and is renewed with the Insurer, provided however, if the Insured can prove to the Insurer's satisfaction that it was not reasonably possible for the Insured to give such notice within the ninety (90) day time period and that subsequent notice was given as soon as reasonably possible thereafter, the Insurer shall waive the foregoing time period; or Page 9 of 14 CGTC 1001 (10/17)
[PAGE 13 END]
[PAGE 14 START]
[TEXT] 2. sixty (60) days after: а) this Policy expires or terminates and is not renewed with the Insurer; or b) the expiration date of the Discovery Period, if applicable. B. Notwithstanding the conditions and obligations set forth in Subsection A., above, in the event the Insured fails to provide timely notice of a Claim, coverage may be denied by the Insurer solely on the basis of late notice only if the Insurer can show that such late notice materially prejudiced its interests. C. If during the Policy Period or the Discovery Period (if applicable), the Insured becomes aware of any circumstances which reasonably may be expected to give rise to a Claim being made against an Insured, and gives written notice to the Insurer of such circumstances, including the anticipated alleged Wrongful Act(s), the reasons for anticipating such a Claim, and full particulars as to dates, persons and entities involved, then any Claim subsequently made against the Insureds arising out of the circumstances described in such notice shall be deemed to have been made at the time such notice was received by the Insurer. D. The Insureds shall give notice to the Insurer under this Section at the address set forth by Endorsement to this Policy. IX. DISCOVERY PERIOD A. If the Named Insured cancels or if the Insurer or the Named Insured refuses to renew this Policy, the Named Insured shall have up to thirty (30) days after the effective date of such cancellation or non-renewal, to pay the Additional Premium for the Discovery Period specified in Item 3. of the Declarations to extend the coverage granted by this Policy to any Claim first made during an additional period of time specified in Item 3. of the Declarations (the Discovery Period), which Discovery Period shall begin on the effective date of such cancellation or non-renewal; provided, however, that the Named Insured shall not be entitled to extend the coverage granted by this Policy by paying the Additional Premium for the Discovery Period if the Policy is rescinded, cancelled, or non-renewed as a result of a material misrepresentation on the Application. Any coverage for Claims first made and first reported during the Discovery Period shall be limited only to Wrongful Acts that occurred prior to the inception of the Discovery Period. B. The Additional Premium for the Discovery Period shall be fully earned at the inception of the Discovery Period; and the Discovery Period is not cancelable, except that the Insurer may cancel the Discovery Period for non-payment of premium. C. The Discovery Period is not available and the provisions of this Section IX. Discovery Period shall not be applicable if the Policy is cancelled for non-payment of premium. X. SINGLE CLAIM/INTERRELATED WRONGFUL ACTS All Claims based upon or arising out of the same Wrongful Act or out of Interrelated Wrongful Acts shall be considered a single Claim, and each such Claim is deemed to have been first made on the earlier of the following: A. when the earliest Claim arising out of such Wrongful Act or Interrelated Wrongful Acts was first made; or B. when written notice of a fact, circumstance, or situation giving rise to such Claim pursuant to Section VIII. Notice of Claim and Wrongful Act, Subsection C., above, was received by the Insurer. Page 10 of 14 CGTC 1001 (10/17)
[OCR] 2 sixty (60) days after: a) this Policy expires or terminates and is not renewed with the Insurer; or b) the expiration date of the Discovery Period, if applicable. B. Notwithstanding the conditions and obligations set forth in Subsection A., above, in the event the Insured fails to provide timely notice of a Claim, coverage may be denied by the Insurer solely on the basis of late notice only if the Insurer can show that such late notice materially prejudiced its interests. If during the Policy Period or the Discovery Period (if applicable), the Insured becomes aware of any circumstances which reasonably may be expected to give rise to a Claim being made against an Insured, and gives written notice to the Insurer of such circumstances, including the anticipated alleged Wrongful Act(s), the reasons for anticipating such a Claim, and full particulars as to dates, persons and entities involved, then any Claim subsequently made against the Insureds arising out of the circumstances described in such notice shall be deemed to have been made at the time such notice was received by the Insurer. The Insureds shall give notice to the Insurer under this Section at the address set forth by Endorsement to this Policy. Ix DISCOVERY PERIOD A If the Named Insured cancels or if the Insurer or the Named Insured refuses to renew this Policy, the Named Insured shall have up to thirty (30) days after the effective date of such cancellation or non-renewal, to pay the Additional Premium for the Discovery Period specified in Item 3. of the Declarations to extend the coverage granted by this Policy to any Claim first made during an additional period of time specified in Item 3. of the Declarations (the Discovery Period), which Discovery Period shall begin on the effective date of such cancellation or non-renewal; provided, however, that the Named Insured shall not be entitled to extend the coverage granted by this Policy by paying the Additional Premium for the Discovery Period if the Policy is rescinded, cancelled, or non-renewed as a result of a material misrepresentation on the Application. Any coverage for Claims first made and first reported during the Discovery Period shall be limited only to Wrongful Acts that occurred prior to the inception of the Discovery Period. The Additional Premium for the Discovery Period shall be fully earned at the inception of the Discovery Period; and the Discovery Period is not cancelable, except that the Insurer may cancel the Discovery Period for non-payment of premium. The Discovery Period is not available and the provisions of this Section IX. Discovery Period shall not be applicable if the Policy is cancelled for non-payment of premium. SINGLE CLAIM/INTERRELATED WRONGFUL ACTS All Claims based upon or arising out of the same Wrongful Act or out of Interrelated Wrongful Acts shall be considered a single Claim, and each such Claim is deemed to have been first made on the earlier of the following: A. when the earliest Claim arising out of such Wrongful Act or Interrelated Wrongful Acts was first made; or B. when written notice of a fact, circumstance, or situation giving rise to such Claim pursuant to Section VIII. Notice of Claim and Wrongful Act, Subsection C., above, was received by the Insurer. Page 10 of 14 CGTC 1001 (10/17)
[PAGE 14 END]
[PAGE 15 START]
[TEXT] ХI. ALLOCATION If both Loss covered by this Policy and loss not covered by this Policy are incurred as a result of a Claim, the Insurer shall not be liable for that portion of such amount allocated to non-covered loss; and: A. With respect to all loss incurred by the Insureds in connection with such a Claim, the Insureds and the Insurer agree to use their best efforts to determine a fair and proper allocation of covered Loss and non- covered loss, taking into account the relative legal and financial exposures of and the relative benefits obtained in the defense and/or settlement of the Claim by the Insureds. B. In the event that the Insurer and the Insureds cannot agree upon an allocation, the Insurer shall make an interim payment for the Loss that is not in dispute until a different amount shall be agreed upon or determined pursuant to the provisions of this Policy and applicable law. If the Insured and the Insurer agree on an allocation of Defense Expenses, then the Insurer shall pay, on behalf of such Insured, Defense Expenses allocated to covered Loss. If, however, the Insured and the Insurer cannot agree on an allocation of Defense Expenses, no presumption as to allocation of Defense Expenses shall exist in any suit or other proceeding; but the Insurer shall pay, on behalf of such Insured, Defense Expenses which the Insurer believes to be covered until a different allocation is negotiated or judicially determined. C. Notwithstanding any prior advancement to the contrary, any negotiated or judicially determined allocation of Defense Expenses on account of a Claim shall be applied retroactively to all Defense Expenses on account of such Claim. Any allocation of Defense Expenses shall not apply to or create any presumption with respect to the allocation of other Loss on account of such Claim. XII. COORDINATION OF COVERAGE PARTS A. The Insured has elected to purchase the Coverage Parts as indicated in Item 2. of the Declarations by the appearance of a dollar amount Aggregate Limit of Liability corresponding to such Coverage Part, and any other Coverage Part available from the Insurer but not purchased by the Insured shall not be included in the Policy. B. Subject to the applicable Aggregate Limit of Liability, in the event any coverage is available for a Claim under more than one Coverage Part purchased, the Insurer shall only be liable for the actual amount of Loss incurred by the Insureds. C. The Insurer shall be entitled to make its own determination as to which Coverage Part, if any, Loss is covered and should be paid, regardless of the Coverage Part under which the Insureds provide notice of Claim or notice of circumstances which reasonably may be expected to give rise to a Claim. XIII. GENERAL CONDITIONS A. Cancellation and Non-Renewal 1. The Insurer may cancel this Policy for non-payment of any premium when due by providing written notice to the Named Insured stating when, not less than twenty (20) days thereafter, such cancellation shall be effective. 2. The Named Insured may cancel this Policy by providing written notice to the Insurer at the address set forth by Endorsement to this Policy, stating when thereafter such cancellation shall be effective. The Insurer shall retain the pro rata proportion of the premium calculated from the effective date of cancellation; provided, however, that if at the time of cancellation any Claims or notices of circumstance have been reported during the Policy Period under Section VIII., above, then the entire premium shall be considered fully earned and non-refundable. Payment or tender of any unearned premium by the Insurer shall not be a condition precedent to the effectiveness of cancellation, but such payment shall be made as soon as practicable. Page 11 of 14 CGTC 1001 (10/17)
[OCR] XI. ALLOCATION If both Loss covered by this Policy and loss not covered by this Policy are incurred as a result of a Claim, the Insurer shall not be liable for that portion of such amount allocated to non-covered loss; and: A With respect to all loss incurred by the Insureds in connection with such a Claim, the Insureds and the Insurer agree to use their best efforts to determine a fair and proper allocation of covered Loss and non- covered loss, taking into account the relative legal and financial exposures of and the relative benefits obtained in the defense and/or settlement of the Claim by the Insureds. In the event that the Insurer and the Insureds cannot agree upon an allocation, the Insurer shall make an interim payment for the Loss that is not in dispute until a different amount shall be agreed upon or determined pursuant to the provisions of this Policy and applicable law. If the Insured and the Insurer agree on an allocation of Defense Expenses, then the Insurer shall pay, on behalf of such Insured, Defense Expenses allocated to covered Loss. If, however, the Insured and the Insurer cannot agree on an allocation of Defense Expenses, no presumption as to allocation of Defense Expenses shall exist in any suit or other proceeding; but the Insurer shall pay, on behalf of such Insured, Defense Expenses which the Insurer believes to be covered until a different allocation is negotiated or judicially determined. Notwithstanding any prior advancement to the contrary, any negotiated or judicially determined allocation of Defense Expenses on account of a Claim shall be applied retroactively to all Defense Expenses on account of such Claim. Any allocation of Defense Expenses shall not apply to or create any presumption with respect to the allocation of other Loss on account of such Claim. Xll. COORDINATION OF COVERAGE PARTS A The Insured has elected to purchase the Coverage Parts as indicated in Item 2. of the Declarations by the appearance of a dollar amount Aggregate Limit of Liability corresponding to such Coverage Part, and any other Coverage Part available from the Insurer but not purchased by the Insured shall not be included in the Policy. Subject to the applicable Aggregate Limit of Liability, in the event any coverage is available for a Claim under more than one Coverage Part purchased, the Insurer shall only be liable for the actual amount of Loss incurred by the insureds. The Insurer shall be entitled to make its own determination as to which Coverage Part, if any, Loss is covered and should be paid, regardless of the Coverage Part under which the Insureds provide notice of Claim or notice of circumstances which reasonably may be expected to give rise to a Claim. xii. GENERAL CONDITIONS Cancellation and Non-Renewal The Insurer may cancel this Policy for non-payment of any premium when due by providing written notice to the Named Insured stating when, not less than twenty (20) days thereafter, such cancellation shall be effective. The Named Insured may cancel this Policy by providing written notice to the Insurer at the address set forth by Endorsement to this Policy, stating when thereafter such cancellation shall be effective. The Insurer shall fetain the pro rata proportion of the premium calculated from the effective date of cancellation; provided, however, that if at the time of cancellation any Claims or notices of circumstance have been reported during the Policy Period under Section VIll., above, then the entire premium shall be considered fully earned and non-refundable. Payment or tender of any unearned premium by the Insurer shall not be a condition precedent to the effectiveness of cancellation, but such payment shall be made as soon as practicable. Page 11 of 14 CGTC 1001 (10/17)
[PAGE 15 END]
[PAGE 16 START]
[TEXT] 3. In the event the Insurer decides not to renew this Policy, the Insurer shall provide written notice of such non-renewal to the Named Insured not less than thirty (30) days prior to the end of the Policy Period. The notice shall state the reason for such non-renewal. An offer to renew this Policy on terms that involve any change in Retention amount, premium, limit of liability or other terms or conditions shall not constitute a decision by the Insurer not to renew this Policy. 4. Any notices to be given to the Named Insured shall be provided to the Named Insured at its last known principal address with a copy to its insurance agent or broker. The mailing by certified mail of such notice shall be sufficient. B. Action Against the Insurer No action shall lie against the Insurer unless, as a condition precedent thereto, there shall have been full compliance with all of the terms of this Policy. C. ADR Provision The Insurer and the Insured agree that they will attempt in good faith to negotiate a resolution to any dispute arising out of this Policy. In the event any dispute cannot be resolved by negotiation, the Insurer and the Insured agree to submit the dispute to non-binding mediation, the terms of which shall be subject to negotiation. If the parties cannot agree to such terms within thirty (30) days of either party requesting the mediation, the matter will be submitted to JAMS for mediation, with each party bearing their own costs. Should the mediation fail to result in a settlement of the dispute, no party may commence an action against any other party until at least thirty (30) days after the conclusion of the final mediation session. D. Company Takeover lf a Company Takeover occurs during the Policy Period, then this Policy shall continue in full force and effect only for Wrongful Acts occurring prior to the effective date of the Company Takeover, unless: 1. the Named Insured gives the Insurer written notice of the Company Takeover as soon as practicable but not later than thirty (30) days after the effective date of the Company Takeover and the Insurer agrees in writing to provide coverage for Wrongful Acts occurring after such effective date; and 2. the Named Insured accepts any special terms, conditions, amendments, exclusions or additional premium charge required by the Insurer. This Policy may not be canceled after the effective time of the Company Takeover and the entire premium for this Policy shall be deemed fully earned as of the effective date of the Company Takeover. E. Mergers and Acquisitions 1. lf the Company, during the Policy Period: a. acquires another entity by merger or by consolidation with a Subsidiary, acquires all or substantially all of the assets of another entity, or creates or acquires a Subsidiary; and b. provided such Subsidiary or acquired entity is not a public company, a financial services organization or provider; or a healthcare services or care organization or provider; then, subject to all the other provisions of this Policy, coverage shall apply to any Claim involving the merged or consolidated entity or Subsidiary. 2. There shall be no coverage for any Wrongful Act or Occurrence involving the merged or consolidated entity or Subsidiary that occurred prior to the consummation of a transaction described in Paragraph 1., above, or for any other Wrongful Act whenever occurring which together with a Wrongful Act that occurred prior to the consummation of such transaction would constitute Interrelated Wrongful Acts. 3. There shall be no coverage for any Wrongful Act of any Subsidiary or any of its directors, officers or employees occurring on or after the date such entity ceases to be a Subsidiary. Page 12 of 14 CGTC 1001 (10/17)
[OCR] In the event the Insurer decides not to renew this Policy, the Insurer shall provide written notice of such non-renewal to the Named Insured not less than thirty (30) days prior to the end of the Policy Period. The notice shall state the reason for such non-renewal. An offer to renew this Policy on terms that involve any change in Retention amount, premium, limit of liability or other terms or conditions shall not constitute a decision by the Insurer not to renew this Policy. Any notices to be given to the Named Insured shall be provided to the Named Insured at its last known principal address with a copy to its insurance agent or broker. The mailing by certified mail of such notice shall be sufficient. B. Action Against the Insurer No action shall lie against the Insurer unless, as a condition precedent thereto, there shall have been full compliance with all of the terms of this Policy. c ADR Provision The Insurer and the Insured agree that they will attempt in good faith to negotiate a resolution to any dispute arising out of this Policy. In the event any dispute cannot be resolved by negotiation, the Insurer and the Insured agree to submit the dispute to non-binding mediation, the terms of which shall be subject to negotiation. If the parties cannot agree to such terms within thirty (30) days of either party requesting the mediation, the matter will be submitted to JAMS for mediation, with each party bearing their own costs. Should the mediation fail to result in a settlement of the dispute, no party may commence an action against any other party until at least thirty (30) days after the conclusion of the final mediation session. D Company Takeover lf a Company Takeover occurs during the Policy Period, then this Policy shall continue in full force and effect only for Wrongful Acts occurring prior to the effective date of the Company Takeover, unless: 1 the Named Insured gives the Insurer written notice of the Company Takeover as soon as practicable but not later than thirty (30) days after the effective date of the Company Takeover and the Insurer agrees in writing to provide coverage for Wrongful Acts occurring after such effective date; and the Named Insured accepts any special terms, conditions, amendments, exclusions or additional premium charge required by the Insurer. This Policy may not be canceled after the effective time of the Company Takeover and the entire premium for this Policy shall be deemed fully earned as of the effective date of the Company Takeover. E. Mergers and Acquisitions 1 If the Company, during the Policy Period: a acquires another entity by merger or by consolidation with a Subsidiary, acquires all or substantially all of the assets of another entity, or creates or acquires a Subsidiary; and provided such Subsidiary or acquired entity is not a public company, a_ financial services organization or provider; or a healthcare services or care organization or provider; then, subject to all the other provisions of this Policy, coverage shall apply to any Claim involving the merged or consolidated entity or Subsidiary. There shall be no coverage for any Wrongful Act or Occurrence involving the merged or consolidated entity or Subsidiary that occurred prior to the consummation of a transaction described in Paragraph 1., above, or for any other Wrongful Act whenever occurring which together with a Wrongful Act that occurred prior to the consummation of such transaction would constitute Interrelated Wrongful Acts. There shall be no coverage for any Wrongful Act of any Subsidiary or any of its directors, officers or employees occurring on or after the date such entity ceases to be a Subsidiary. Page 12 of 14 CGTC 1001 (10/17)
[PAGE 16 END]
[PAGE 17 START]
[TEXT] 4. lf an entity ceases to be a Subsidiary during the Policy Period, coverage with respect to any Coverage Part for such Subsidiary and its Insureds shall continue until expiration of the Policy Period or termination of this Policy, whichever occurs first, but only for Claims for Wrongful Acts while such entity was a Subsidiary. F. Bankruptcy Bankruptcy or insolvency of the Company or of an Insured Person shall not relieve the Insurer of any of its obligations hereunder; and the Insurer agrees not to oppose or object to any efforts to obtain relief from any automatic stay or injunction which may apply to this Policy or its proceeds. G. Representations The Insureds agree that the Application is deemed attached to this Policy and incorporated herein, and that all warranties, statements and representations contained in or incorporated into the Application have been made to the Insurer and are material to the risk assumed by the Insurer. This Policy is issued in reliance upon the truth of such warranties, statements and representations. The Insureds further agree that in the event of any material misstatement, misrepresentation or omission in the Application, there shall be no coverage under this Policy for any Insured who had actual or imputed knowledge as of the inception date of the Policy Period of the facts that were misstated, misrepresented or omitted in the Application (whether or not such Insured was aware that such facts were misstated, misrepresented, or omitted in the Application). For purposes of determining the applicability of this Paragraph, any knowledge possessed by the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, or the General Counsel of the Named Insured shall be imputed to the Company, but with the exception of the foregoing, any knowledge possessed by an Insured shall not be imputed to any other Insured. H. Other Insurance Such insurance as is provided by this Policy shall apply only as excess over any other valid and collectible insurance, unless such other insurance is written as specific excess insurance over this Policy. This Policy shall specifically be excess of any other valid and collectible insurance pursuant to which any other insurer has a duty to defend a Claim for which this Policy may be obligated to pay Loss. In the event a Claim against an Insured arising out of his or her service as an Insured Person who, with the knowledge and consent of the Company, is serving as a director, officer, trustee, regent or governor of any Not-For-Profit Entity, coverage as is afforded by this policy shall be specifically excess of any: ( i) indemnification provided by such Not-For Profit Entity; and (ii) any other insurance provided to such Not- For Profit Entity. I. Subrogation 1. The Insurer shall be subrogated to the extent of any payment made under this Policy to all of the rights of recovery of the Insureds against any person or organization. The Insureds shall do nothing to prejudice any of the Insurer's subrogation rights, and shall execute and deliver all papers and instruments required, and shall do whatever else is necessary, to enable the Insurer effectively to bring suit in their name and otherwise secure such rights. In no event, however, shall the Insurer exercise its subrogation rights against any Insured Person under this Policy, unless such Insured Person has been convicted of a criminal act, or been determined by a final adjudication to have committed a dishonest, fraudulent act or willful violation of any statute, rule or law, or determined by a final adjudication to have obtained any profit or advantage to which such Insured Person was not legally entitled. 2. Any amount recovered after payment under this Policy shall be apportioned in the inverse order of any actual payment of the underlying Claim so the last dollar paid shall be the first dollar recovered. The expenses incurred in obtaining any such recoveries shall be apportioned in the ratio of the actual recoveries of the Insurer and the Insureds; and any amounts recovered, less the expenses incurred in obtaining any such recovery, shall be credited toward the applicable limit of liability. Page 13 of 14 CGTC 1001 (10/17)
[OCR] 4 lf an entity ceases to be a Subsidiary during the Policy Period, coverage with respect to any Coverage Part for such Subsidiary and its Insureds shall continue until expiration of the Policy Period or termination of this Policy, whichever occurs first, but only for Claims for Wrongful Acts while such entity was a Subsidiary. Bankruptcy Bankruptcy or insolvency of the Company or of an Insured Person shall not relieve the Insurer of any of its obligations hereunder; and the Insurer agrees not to oppose or object to any efforts to obtain relief from any automatic stay or injunction which may apply to this Policy or its proceeds. Representations The Insureds agree that the Application is deemed attached to this Policy and incorporated herein, and that all warranties, statements and representations contained in or incorporated into the Application have been made to the Insurer and are material to the risk assumed by the Insurer. This Policy is issued in reliance upon the truth of such warranties, statements and representations. The Insureds further agree that in the event of any material misstatement, misrepresentation or omission in the Application, there shall be no coverage under this Policy for any Insured who had actual or imputed knowledge as of the inception date of the Policy Period of the facts that were misstated, misrepresented or omitted in the Application (whether or not such Insured was aware that such facts were misstated, misrepresented, or omitted in the Application). For purposes of determining the applicability of this Paragraph, any knowledge possessed by the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, or the General Counsel of the Named Insured shall be imputed to the Company, but with the exception of the foregoing, any knowledge possessed by an Insured shall not be imputed to any other Insured. Other Insurance Such insurance as is provided by this Policy shall apply only as excess over any other valid and collectible insurance, unless such other insurance is written as specific excess insurance over this Policy. This Policy shall specifically be excess of any other valid and collectible insurance pursuant to which any other insurer has a duty to defend a Claim for which this Policy may be obligated to pay Loss. In the event a Claim against an Insured arising out of his or her service as an Insured Person who, with the knowledge and consent of the Company, is serving as a director, officer, trustee, regent or governor of any Not-For-Profit Entity, coverage as is afforded by this policy shall be specifically excess of any: (i) indemnification provided by such Not-For Profit Entity; and (ii) any other insurance provided to such Not- For Profit Entity. Subrogation The Insurer shall be subrogated to the extent of any payment made under this Policy to all of the rights of recovery of the Insureds against any person or organization. The Insureds shall do nothing to prejudice any of the Insurer's subrogation rights, and shall execute and deliver all papers and instruments required, and shall do whatever else is necessary, to enable the Insurer effectively to bring suit in their name and shall the otherwise secure such rights. In no event, however, Insurer exercise its subrogation rights against any Insured Person under this Policy, unless such Insured Person has been convicted of a criminal act, or been determined by a final adjudication to have committed a dishonest, fraudulent act or willful violation of any statute, rule or law, or determined by a final adjudication to have obtained any profit or advantage to which such Insured Person was not legally entitled. Any amount recovered after payment under this Policy shall be apportioned in the inverse order of any actual payment of the underlying Claim so the last dollar paid shall be the first dollar recovered. The expenses incurred in obtaining any such recoveries shall be apportioned in the ratio of the actual recoveries of the Insurer and the Insureds; and any amounts recovered, less the expenses incurred in obtaining any such recovery, shall be credited toward the applicable limit of liability. Page 13 of 14 CGTC 1001 (10/17)
[PAGE 17 END]
[PAGE 18 START]
[TEXT] J. Assignment This Policy and any and all rights hereunder are not assignable without the written consent of the Insurer. K. Entire Agreement By acceptance of this Policy, the Insureds and the Insurer agree that this Policy (including the Application) and any written endorsements attached hereto constitute the entire agreement between the parties. L. Conformity to Statute Any terms of this Policy which are in conflict with the terms of any applicable laws construing this Policy are hereby amended to conform to such laws. M. Authorization The Insureds agree that the Named Insured will act on behalf of the Insureds with respect to the giving of all notices to the Insurer, the receipt of notices from the Insurer, the payment of premiums, and the receipt of any return premiums that may become due under this Policy. N. Worldwide Territory The Policy shall apply to Claims made against the Insureds anywhere in the world. O. Compliance with Laws Governing Trade and Economic Sanctions Payment of Loss under this Policy shall be made only in full compliance with all economic or trade sanction laws and regulations, including but not limited to sanctions, laws, and regulations administered and enforced by the United States Treasury's Office of Foreign Asset Control (OFAC), and any other laws or regulations of the United States, European Union, or United Kingdom. P. Headings The descriptions in the headings and any subheading of this Policy (including any titles given to any endorsement attached hereto) are inserted solely for convenience and do not constitute any part of the terms or conditions hereof. THIS POLICY SHALL NOT BE VALID UNLESS COMPLETED BY THE ATTACHMENT HERETO OF THE DECLARATIONS PAGE AND SIGNED BY A DULY AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE INSURER. Page 14 of 14 CGTC 1001 (10/17)
[OCR] Assignment This Policy and any and all rights hereunder are not assignable without the written consent of the Insurer. Entire Agreement By acceptance of this Policy, the Insureds and the Insurer agree that this Policy {including the Application) and any written endorsements attached hereto constitute the entire agreement between the parties. Conformity to Statute Any terms of this Policy which are in conflict with the terms of any applicable laws construing this Policy are hereby amended to conform to such laws. Authorization The Insureds agree that the Named Insured will act on behalf of the Insureds with respect to the giving of all notices to the Insurer, the receipt of notices from the Insurer, the payment of premiums, and the receipt of any retum premiums that may become due under this Policy. Worldwide Territory The Policy shall apply to Claims made against the Insureds anywhere in the world. Compliance with Laws Governing Trade and Economic Sanctions Payment of Loss under this Policy shall be made only in full compliance with all economic or trade sanction laws and regulations, including but not limited to sanctions, laws, and regulations administered and enforced by the United States Treasury's Office of Foreign Asset Control (OFAC), and any other laws or regulations of the United States, European Union, or United Kingdom. Headings The descriptions in the headings and any subheading of this Policy (including any titles given to any endorsement attached hereto) are inserted solely for convenience and do not constitute any part of the terms or conditions hereof. THIS POLICY SHALL NOT BE VALID UNLESS COMPLETED BY THE ATTACHMENT HERETO OF THE DECLARATIONS PAGE AND SIGNED BY A DULY AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE INSURER. Page 14 of 14 CGTC 1001 (10/17)
[PAGE 18 END]
[PAGE 19 START]
[TEXT] THIS IS A "CLAIMS MADE AND REPORTED" COVERAGE PART. SUBJECT TO ITS TERMS AND PROVISIONS, THIS COVERAGE PART ONLY APPLIES TO CLAIMS FIRST MADE AGAINST THE INSUREDS, AND FIRST REPORTED TO THE INSURER IN THE TIME AND MANNER REQUIRED BY THIS POLICY. IN ADDITION, DEFENSE EXPENSES ARE INCLUDED IN AND WILL REDUCE THE LIMITS OF LIABILITY. PLEASE READ THIS ENTIRE COVERAGE PART CAREFULLY. CONSULT YOUR BROKER OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVE IF YOU DO NOT UNDERSTAND ANY TERMS OR PROVISIONS OF THIS COVERAGE PART OR ANY OTHER PART OF THE POLICY. In consideration of the payment of Premium, and subject to the agreement of the Named Insured to pay the retention amount stated in the Declarations and as set forth in this Policy, and in reliance upon the Application, which shall be deemed incorporated herein, and subject to all of the terms, conditions, limitations, exclusions, and endorsements to this Policy, the Insurer and the Insured agree as follows: EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART I. INSURING AGREEMENTS A. Insured Person Coverage For Non-Indemnified Loss 1. Insuring Agreement The Insurer shall pay, on behalf of any Insured Persons, Loss to the extent the Company has not indemnified such Insured Persons, arising from any Claim for any Wrongful Act taking place prior to the end of the Policy Period, and which is first made against the Insureds during the Policy Period or the Discovery Period (if applicable) and is reported to the Insurer in the time and manner required by this Policy. 2. Additional Dedicated Limit of Liability a. Notwithstanding anything in this Policy to the contrary, an Additional Dedicated Limit of Liability for Non-Indemnified Loss, if purchased as indicated in Item 2 of the Declarations, shall be an additional Limit of Liability available solely for Loss covered under Insuring Agreement A.1., and shall be in an amount not to exceed $500,000 per Claim and in the aggregate, which amount is in addition to, and not part of, the Aggregate Limit of Liability for this Coverage Part, as set forth in Item 2. Of the Declarations. b. The Additional Dedicated Limit of Liability for Non-Indemnified Loss is excess of any insurance available that is specifically excess to this Coverage Part, and such excess insurance must be completely exhausted by payment of loss, damages or defense costs thereunder before the Insurer shall have any obligation to make any payment on account of the Additional Dedicated Limit of Liability for Non-Indemnified Loss. B. Private Company Coverage For Indemnified Loss The Insurer shall pay, on behalf of the Company, Loss, to the extent the Company has indemnified Insured Persons, arising from any Claim for any Wrongful Act taking place prior to the end of the Policy Period, and which is first made against such Insured during the Policy Period or the Discovery Period (if applicable) and is reported to the Insurer in the time and manner required by this Policy. C. Private Company Entity Coverage The Insurer shall pay, on behalf of the Company, Loss arising from any Claim for any Wrongful Act of the Company taking place prior to the end of the Policy Period, and which is first made against the Company during the Policy Period or the Discovery Period (if applicable) and is reported to the Insurer in the time and manner required by this Policy.
[OCR] AIG] EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART THIS IS A “CLAIMS MADE AND REPORTED" COVERAGE PART. SUBJECT TO ITS TERMS AND PROVISIONS, THIS COVERAGE PART ONLY APPLIES TO CLAIMS FIRST MADE AGAINST THE INSUREDS, AND FIRST REPORTED TO THE INSURER IN THE TIME AND MANNER REQUIRED BY THIS POLICY. IN ADDITION, DEFENSE EXPENSES ARE INCLUDED IN AND WILL REDUCE THE LIMITS OF LIABILITY. PLEASE READ THIS ENTIRE COVERAGE PART CAREFULLY. CONSULT YOUR BROKER OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVE IF YOU DO NOT UNDERSTAND ANY TERMS OR PROVISIONS OF THIS COVERAGE PART OR ANY OTHER PART OF THE POLICY. In consideration of the payment of Premium, and subject to the agreement of the Named Insured to pay the retention amount stated in the Declarations and as set forth in this Policy, and in reliance upon the Application, which shall be deemed incorporated herein, and subject to all of the terms, conditions, limitations, exclusions, and endorsements to this Policy, the Insurer and the Insured agree as follows: l INSURING AGREEMENTS A Insured Person Coverage For Non-Indemnified Loss 1 Insuring Agreement The Insurer shall pay, on behalf of any Insured Persons, Loss to the extent the Company has not indemnified such Insured Persons, arising from any Claim for any Wrongful Act taking place prior to the end of the Policy Period, and which is first made against the Insureds during the Policy Period or the Discovery Period {if applicable) and is reported to the Insurer in the time and manner required by this Policy. Additional Dedicated Limit of Liability a Notwithstanding anything in this Policy to the contrary, an Additional Dedicated Limit of Liability for Non-Indemnified Loss, if purchased as indicated in Item 2 of the Declarations, shall be an additional Limit of Liability available solely for Loss covered under Insuring Agreement A.1., and shall be in an amount not to exceed $500,000 per Claim and in the aggregate, which amount is in addition to, and not part of, the Aggregate Limit of Liability for this Coverage Part, as set forth in Item 2. Of the Declarations. The Additional Dedicated Limit of Liability for Non-Indemnified Loss is excess of any insurance available that is specifically excess to this Coverage Part, and such excess insurance must be completely exhausted by payment of loss, damages or defense costs thereunder before the Insurer shall have any obligation to make any payment on account of the Additional Dedicated Limit of Liability for Non-Indemnified Loss. B. Private Company Coverage For Indemnified Loss The Insurer shall pay, on behalf of the Company, Loss, to the extent the Company has indemnified Insured Persons, arising from any Claim for any Wrongful Act taking place prior to the end of the Policy Period, and which is first made against such Insured during the Pelicy Period or the Discovery Period {if applicable) and is reported to the Insurer in the time and manner required by this Policy. Private Company Entity Coverage The Insurer shall pay, on behalf of the Company, Loss arising from any Claim for any Wrongful Act of the Company taking place prior to the end of the Policy Period, and which is first made against the Company during the Policy Period or the Discovery Period {if applicable) and is reported to the Insurer in the time and manner required by this Policy.
[PAGE 19 END]
[PAGE 20 START]
[TEXT] Page 2 of 8 CDO 1001 (12/17)
[OCR] Page 2 of 8 CDO 1001 (12/17)
[PAGE 20 END]
[PAGE 21 START]
[TEXT] D. Derivative Investigation Costs Coverage for Security Holder Derivative Demands Subject to the Sub-Limit of Liability set forth in Item 2. of the Declarations, the Insurer shall pay, on behalf of the Company, Derivative Investigation Costs arising from a Security Holder Derivative Demand which is first made against the Company during the Policy Period or the Discovery Period (if applicable) and is reported to the Insurer in the time and manner required by this Policy. II. DEFINITIONS For the purposes of this Coverage Part: A. Claim means: 1. under INSURING AGREEMENTS A. and B.: a. a written demand for monetary, non-monetary, or injunctive relief made upon an Insured Person for a Wrongful Act; b. a civil, proceeding for monetary or non-monetary relief against an Insured Person for a Wrongful Act, which is commenced by: service of a complaint or similar pleading; receipt of a notice of charges; or receipt of a Wells notice; c. a criminal proceeding brought against an Insured Person for a Wrongful Act, which is commenced by an arrest or a return of an indictment or information; d. a formal administrative or formal regulatory proceeding against an Insured Person for a Wrongful Act, which is commenced by the filing of a notice of charges, formal investigative order or similar document; e. a mediation or arbitration proceeding commenced by receipt of a demand for arbitration, demand for mediation or similar document alleging a Wrongful Act against an Insured Person; f. an official request for Extradition, or the execution of a warrant for the arrest of any Insured Person where such execution is an element of Extradition, against an Insured Person for a Wrongful Act; g. a civil, criminal, administrative, or regulatory investigation of an Insured Person for a Wrongful Act once such Insured Person who is identified in writing by the investigating authority undertaking the investigation as someone against whom a formal proceeding may be commenced, including when such Insured Person is served with a target letter or similar document; or h. any written request to toll or waive a statute of limitations received by an Insured Person relating to a potential Claim described in Paragraphs II.A.1.a. through II.A.1.g., above. 2. solely under INSURING AGREEMENT A. service of a subpoena or other similar written request upon an Insured Person compelling document production or witness testimony in connection with: a. any matters described in Paragraphs II.A.1.a. through II.A.1.g., above; or b. any equivalent action against the Company, provided, however, that the Insurer shall only pay Defense Expenses incurred solely by such Insured Person in responding to such subpoena or written request that is in connection with any such equivalent action against the Company. Page 3 of 8 CDO 1001 (12/17)
[OCR] Derivative Investigation Costs Coverage for Security Holder Derivative Demands Subject to the Sub-Limit of Liability set forth in Item 2. of the Declarations, the Insurer shall pay, on behalf of the Company, Derivative Investigation Costs arising from a Security Holder Derivative Demand which is first made against the Company during the Policy Period or the Discovery Period {if applicable) and is reported to the Insurer in the time and manner required by this Policy. i. DEFINITIONS For the purposes of this Coverage Part: A. Claim means: 1 under INSURING AGREEMENTS A. and B.: a a written demand for monetary, non-monetary, or injunctive relief made upon an Insured Person for a Wrongful Act; a civil, proceeding for monetary or non-monetary relief against an Insured Person for a Wrongful Act. which is commenced by: service of a complaint or similar pleading; receipt of a notice of charges; or receipt of a Wells notice; a criminal proceeding brought against an Insured Person for a Wrongful Act. which is commenced by an arrest or a return of an indictment or information; a formal administrative or formal regulatory proceeding against an Insured Person for a Wrongful Act. which is commenced by the filing of a notice of charges, formal investigative order or similar document; a mediation or arbitration proceeding commenced by receipt of a demand for arbitration, demand for mediation or similar document alleging a Wrongful Act against an Insured Person; an official request for Extradition, or the execution of a warrant for the arrest of any Insured Person where such execution is an element of Extradition, against an Insured Person for a Wrongful Act; a civil, criminal, administrative, or regulatory investigation of an Insured Person for a Wrongful Act once such Insured Person who is identified in writing by the investigating authority undertaking the investigation as someone against whom a formal proceeding may be commenced, including when such Insured Person is served with a target letter or similar document; or any written request to toll or waive a statute of limitations received by an Insured Person relating to a potential Claim described in Paragraphs II.A.1.a. through ILA.1.g., above. 2 solely under INSURING AGREEMENT A. service of a subpoena or other similar written request upon an Insured Person compelling document production or witness testimony in connection with: a any matters described in Paragraphs II.A.1.a. through U.A.1.g., above; or b any equivalent action against the Company. provided, however, that the Insurer shall only pay Defense Expenses incurred solely by such Insured Person in responding to such subpoena or written request that is in connection with any such equivalent action against the Company. Page 3 of 8 CDO 1001 (12/17)
[PAGE 21 END]
[PAGE 22 START]
[TEXT] 3. under INSURING AGREEMENT C.: a. a written demand for monetary, non-monetary, or injunctive relief made upon the Company for a Wrongful Act of the Company; b. a civil, proceeding for monetary or non-monetary relief against the Company for a Wrongful Act, which is commenced by: service of a complaint or similar pleading; receipt of a notice of charges; or receipt of a Wells notice; c. a criminal proceeding brought against the Company for a Wrongful Act, which is commenced by a return of an indictment, information, or similar document; d. a formal administrative or formal regulatory proceeding against the Company for a Wrongful Act, which is commenced by the filing of a notice of charges, formal investigative order or similar document, but only while such proceeding is also pending against an Insured Person; e. a mediation or arbitration proceeding commenced by receipt of a demand for arbitration, demand for mediation or similar document alleging a Wrongful Act against the Company; or f. any written request to toll or waive a statute of limitations received by an Insured Person relating to a potential Claim described in Paragraphs II.A.3.a. through II.A.3.e., above. B. Insured means the Company or any Insured Person. C. Insured Person means any Executive or any Employee. D. Derivative Investigation Costs means any reasonable and necessary fees (including but not limited to attorneys' fees and experts' fees), expenses, costs, or charges incurred by the Company (including its Board of Directors or any committee of its Board of Directors) with the Insurer's prior written consent while investigating or evaluating whether it is in the best interest of the Company to commence a civil proceeding as demanded by a Security Holder Derivative Demand; provided, however, Derivative Investigation Costs shall not include (i) any damages, judgments, or settlements; and (ii) salaries, wages (including overtime wages), or fees of any Executive or Employee. E. Dodd-Frank 954 Costs means the reasonable and necessary expenses, fees, and costs consented to by the Insurer and incurred by an Executive solely to facilitate the return of amounts required to be repaid by such Executive pursuant to Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act; provided, however, that Dodd-Frank 954 Costs shall not include the reimbursement, payment, return, disgorgement, or restitution of any such amounts requested or required to be repaid by such Executive. F. Extradition means any formal process by which an Insured Person located in any country is surrendered to any other country for trial or to otherwise answer any criminal allegations. G. Loss means Defense Expenses, Dodd-Frank 954 Costs, Sox 304 Costs, and the amounts an Insured is legally obligated to pay as a result of any Claim, including: 1. settlements; 2. compensatory damages; 3. judgments, including awarded costs, and pre-judgment and post-judgment interest; 4. punitive, exemplary and multiplied damages; 5. civil fines or penalties assessed against Insured Persons pursuant to Section 2 (g) (2) (B) of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 15 U.S.C. 78 dd-2 (g) (B); and 6. attorney fees awarded to the prevailing plaintiff's counsel pursuant to a covered judgment. Page 4 of 8 CDO 1001 (12/17)
[OCR] 3 under INSURING AGREEMENT C.: a a written demand for monetary, non-monetary, or injunctive relief made upon the Company for a Wrongful Act of the Company; a civil, proceeding for monetary or non-monetary relief against the Company for a Wrongful Act. which is commenced by: service of a complaint or similar pleading; receipt of a notice of charges; or receipt of a Wells notice; a criminal proceeding brought against the Company for a Wrongful Act. which is commenced by a retum of an indictment, information, or similar document; a formal administrative or formal regulatory proceeding against the Company for a Wrongful Act. which is commenced by the filing of a notice of charges, formal investigative order or similar document, but only while such proceeding is also pending against an Insured Person; a mediation or arbitration proceeding commenced by receipt of a demand for arbitration, demand for mediation or similar document alleging a Wrongful Act against the Company; or f. any written request to toll or waive a statute of limitations received by an Insured Person relating to a potential Claim described in Paragraphs U.A.3.a. through II.A.3.e., above. Insured means the Company or any Insured Person. Insured Person means any Executive or any Employee. Derivative Investigation Costs means any reasonable and necessary fees (including but not limited to attorneys’ fees and experts' fees), expenses, costs, or charges incurred by the Company (including its Board of Directors or any committee of its Board of Directors) with the Insurer's prior written consent while investigating or evaluating whether it is in the best interest of the Company to commence a civil proceeding as demanded by a Security Holder Derivative Demand; provided, however, Derivative Investigation Costs shall not include (i) any damages, judgments, or settlements; and {ii) salaries, wages {including overtime wages), or fees of any Executive or Employee. Dodd-Frank 954 Costs means the reasonable and necessary expenses, fees, and costs consented to by the Insurer and incurred by an Executive solely to facilitate the return of amounts required to be repaid by such Executive pursuant to Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act; provided, however, that Dodd-Frank 954 Costs shall not include the reimbursement, payment, return, disgorgement, or restitution of any such amounts requested or required to be repaid by such Executive. Extradition means any formal process by which an Insured Person located in any country is surrendered to any other country for trial or to otherwise answer any criminal allegations. Loss means Defense Expenses, Dodd-Frank 954 Costs, Sox 304 Costs, and the amounts an Insured is legally obligated to pay as a result of any Claim, including: settlements; compensatory damages; judgments, including awarded costs, and pre-(udgment and post-judgment interest; punitive, exemplary and multiplied damages; civil fines or penalties assessed against Insured Persons pursuant to Section 2 (g) (2) (B) of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 15 U.S.C. 78 dd-2 (g) (B); and attorney fees awarded to the prevailing plaintiff's counsel pursuant to a covered judgment. Page 4 of 8 CDO 1001 (12/17)
[PAGE 22 END]
[PAGE 23 START]
[TEXT] Loss, other than Defense Expenses, shall not include: 1. any civil or criminal fines or penalties imposed by law, other than punitive or exemplary damages or the multiple portion of a judgment or award of multiplied damages or the civil fines or penalties assessed against Insured Persons pursuant to Section 2(g)(2)(B) of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 15 U.S.C. 78dd-2(g)(B); 2. taxes; 3. Clean Up Costs; 4. the cost of any non-monetary relief, including without limitation: any costs associated with complying with any injunctive relief of any kind or nature imposed by any judgment or settlement, and the costs associated with the modification of any building or property in order to provide any reasonable accommodation under the Americans With Disabilities Act or any similar foreign, federal, state, or local statute, regulation, or common law; 5. any amount for which the Insureds are not financially liable or which are without legal recourse to the Insureds; or 6. any matter deemed uninsurable under the law pursuant to which this Policy shall be construed; The Insureds' good faith determination as to the insurability of matters otherwise included within this definition shall not be contested by the Insurer; such good faith determination shall be based upon the most favorable law bearing a reasonable relationship to the Insured, the Insurer, or the Claim. H. Security Holder Derivative Demand means a written demand by shareholders of the Company, other than an Executive, made upon its Board of Directors (or similar management body) which seeks to compel the Board of Directors (or similar management body) to bring, on behalf of the Company, a civil proceeding in a court of law against any Executive for such Executive's Wrongful Act. I. Sox 304 Costs means the reasonable and necessary costs, fees, and expenses consented to by the Insurer and incurred by an Executive that is the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Named Insured solely to facilitate the return of amounts required to be repaid by such Executive pursuant to Section 304(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; provided, however, that Sox 304 Costs shall not include the reimbursement, payment, return, disgorgement, or restitution of any such amounts requested or required to be repaid by such Executive. J. Wrongful Act means: 1. any actual or alleged breach of duty, error, misstatement, act or omission of an Executive but solely while acting in his or her capacity as such; 2. any actual or alleged breach of duty, error, misstatement, act or omission of an Employee but solely while acting in his or her capacity as such; 3. any actual or alleged breach of duty, error, misstatement, act or omission by the Company; or 4. any Interrelated Wrongful Act. Page 5 of 8 CDO 1001 (12/17)
[OCR] Loss, other than Defense Expenses, shall not include: any civil or criminal fines or penalties imposed by law, other than punitive or exemplary damages or the multiple portion of a judgment or award of multiplied damages or the civil fines or penalties assessed against Insured Persons pursuant to Section 2(g)(2)(B) of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 15 U.S.C 78dd-2(g)(B); taxes; Clean Up Costs; the cost of any non-monetary relief, including without limitation: any costs associated with complying with any injunctive relief of any kind or nature imposed by any judgment or settlement, and the costs associated with the modification of any building or property in order to provide any reasonable accommodation under the Americans With Disabilities Act or any similar foreign, federal, state, or local statute, regulation, or common law; any amount for which the Insureds are not financially liable or which are without legal recourse to the insureds; or 6 any matter deemed uninsurable under the law pursuant to which this Policy shall be construed; The Insureds’ good faith determination as to the insurability of matters otherwise included within this definition shall not be contested by the Insurer; such good faith determination shall be based upon the most favorable law bearing a reasonable relationship to the Insured, the Insurer, or the Claim. Security Holder Derivative Demand means a written demand by shareholders of the Company, other than an Executive, made upon its Board of Directors (or similar management body) which seeks to compel the Board of Directors (or similar management body) to bring, on behalf of the Company, a civil proceeding in a court of law against any Executive for such Executive's Wrongful Act. Sox 304 Costs means the reasonable and necessary costs, fees, and expenses consented to by the Insurer and incurred by an Executive that is the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Named Insured solely to facilitate the return of amounts required to be repaid by such Executive pursuant to Section 304(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; provided, however, that Sox 304 Costs shall not include the reimbursement, payment, return, disgorgement, or restitution of any such amounts requested or required to be repaid by such Executive. Wrongful Act means: 1 any actual or alleged breach of duty, error, misstatement, act or omission of an Executive but solely while acting in his or her capacity as such; any actual or alleged breach of duty, error, misstatement, act or omission of an Employee but solely while acting in his or her capacity as such; any actual or alleged breach of duty, error, misstatement, act or omission by the Company; or any Interrelated Wrongful Act. Page 5 of 8 CDO 1001 (12/17)
[PAGE 23 END]
[PAGE 24 START]
[TEXT] III. EXCLUSIONS The following Exclusions are applicable to all INSURING AGREEMENTS: The Insurer shall not be liable to pay any Loss arising from any Claim: A. arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving any actual or alleged act or omission of an Insured Person taking place or allegedly taking place while (i) serving in any other capacity other than an Insured Person of the Company; including but not limited to his or her status as a director, officer, trustee, regent, governor, manager or member of the board of managers of any entity other than the Company; provided, however, that this exclusion shall not apply to any Executive while serving, with the knowledge and consent of the Company, as a director, officer, trustee, regent, governor, manager or member of the board of managers of any Not for Profit Entity; B. brought or maintained by or on behalf of any Not for Profit Entity which an Insured Person is or was serving with the knowledge and consent of the Company; provided, however, this exclusion shall not apply if the Insured Person has not served with, provided consultation in any capacity to, or has been employed by the Not for Profit Entity for at least two (2) years prior to the date such Claim is first made, and the Claim by the Not for Profit Entity is brought and maintained totally independent of and without the assistance, active participation or solicitation of the Company or any Insured Person who has served with, provided consultation in any capacity to, or has been employed by the Company in the last two (2); C. arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving any public offering of securities by the Company, or the solicitation, sale, purchase, distribution, or issuance of any such securities, or any Wrongful Act relating in any way to any such public offering, whether any such activity occurs or allegedly occurs prior to, during, or after such public offering of securities by the Company; provided, however, that this exclusion shall not apply to: 1. the purchase or sale, or offer or solicitation of an offer to purchase or sell, any debt or equity securities in a private-placement transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 2. any of the following a. any general solicitation or general advertising by or on behalf of any Company permitted pursuant to Title II, Access to Capital for Job Creators, of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act ("JOBS Act"); b. any offering, sale or purchase of securities that qualifies for a Securities Act registration exemption created pursuant to Title III Crowdfunding, of the JOBS Act; or c. any offering, sale or purchase of securities that qualifies for a Securities Act registration exemption created pursuant to Title IV, Small Company Capital Formation, of the JOBS Act provided, however, that all such Loss payable as a result of this shall be limited per Claim and in the Aggregate to $250,000 Sub-Limit of Liability: 3. any Claim for Loss alleging a Wrongful Act which occurred during the Insured's preparations to commence an initial public offering ("IPO") and which occurred at any time prior to 12:01a.m. on the date the IPO commences ("IPO Effective Time"), including any Claim for Loss alleging a Wrongful Act which occurred during the road show; provided, however, that the coverage otherwise afforded under this paragraph shall be deemed to be void ab initio effective the IPO Effective Time unless: (1) the Claim is first made and reported pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Policy prior to the IPO Effective Time; (2) the IPO fails to commence on the IPO Effective Time; and (3) a public company D&O policy is not applicable to such Claim; Page 6 of 8 CDO 1001 (12/17)
[OCR] WM. EXCLUSIONS The following Exclusions are applicable to all INSURING AGREEMENTS: The Insurer shall not be liable to pay any Loss arising from any Claim: A arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving any actual or alleged act or omission of an Insured Person taking place or allegedly taking place while (i) serving in any other capacity other than an Insured Person of the Company; including but not limited to his or her status as a director, officer, trustee, regent, governor, manager or member of the board of managers of any entity other than the Company; provided, however, that this exclusion shall not apply to any Executive while serving, with the knowledge and consent of the Company, as a director, officer, trustee, regent, governor, manager or member of the board of managers of any Not for Profit Entity; brought or maintained by or on behalf of any Not for Profit Entity which an Insured Person is or was serving with the knowledge and consent of the Company; provided, however, this exclusion shall not apply if the Insured Person has not served with, provided consultation in any capacity to, or has been employed by the Not for Profit Entity for at least two (2) years prior to the date such Claim is first made, and the Claim by the Not for Profit Entity is brought and maintained totally independent of and without the assistance, active participation or solicitation of the Company or any Insured Person who has served with, provided consultation in any capacity to, or has been employed by the Company in the last two (2); arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving any public offering of securities by the Company, or the solicitation, sale, purchase, distribution, or issuance of any such securities, or any Wrongful Act relating in any way to any such public offering, whether any such activity occurs or allegedly occurs prior to, during, or after such public offering of securities by the Company; provided, however, that this exclusion shall not apply to: 1 the purchase or sale, or offer or solicitation of an offer to purchase or sell, any debt or equity securities in a private-placement transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 2 any of the following a any general solicitation or general advertising by or on behalf of any Company permitted pursuant to Title Il, Access to Capital for Job Creators, of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act ("JOBS Act"); any offering, sale or purchase of securities that qualifies for a Securities Act registration exemption created pursuant to Title Ill Crowdfunding, of the JOBS Act; or any offering, sale or purchase of securities that qualifies for a Securities Act registration exemption created pursuant to Title IV, Small Company Capital Formation, of the JOBS Act provided, however, that all such Loss payable as a result of this shall be limited per Claim and in the Aggregate to $250,000 Sub-Limit of Liability: any Claim for Loss alleging a Wrongful Act which occurred during the Insured’s preparations to commence an initial public offering ("IPO") and which occurred at any time prior to 12:01a.m. on the date the IPO commences ("IPO Effective Time"), including any Claim for Loss alleging a Wrongful Act which occurred during the road show; provided, however, that the coverage otherwise afforded under this paragraph shall be deemed to be void ab initio effective the IPO Effective Time unless: (1) the Claim is first made and reported pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Policy prior to the IPO Effective Time; (2) the IPO fails to commence on the IPO Effective Time; and (3) a public company D&O policy is not applicable to such Claim; Page 6 of 8 CDO 1001 (12/17)
[PAGE 24 END]
[PAGE 25 START]
[TEXT] D. brought or maintained by or on behalf of any Insured, provided this exclusion shall not apply to: 1. a Claim that is a derivative action brought or maintained on behalf of the Company by one or more persons who are not Insured Persons, where: (i) the Claim is brought and maintained without the participation, solicitation or active assistance of the Company or any Insured Person; or (ii) any such participation, solicitation or active assistance of the Company or any Insured Person is protected by any whistleblower statute or is solely pursuant to, or in compliance with, an enforceable subpoena or legal process; 2. a Claim that is brought by an Insured Person for indemnity or contribution, provided the Claim directly results from another Claim that is covered under this Policy; 3. a Claim that is brought by or on behalf of a bankruptcy trustee, examiner, receiver, or creditors' committee of the Company against which such Claim is made, or any assignee of such bankruptcy trustee, examiner, receiver, or creditors' committee; 4. a Claim by an Insured Person who has not served as an Insured Person for at least two (2) years prior to the date such Claim is first made, and who brings and maintains such Claim without the participation, solicitation or active assistance of the Company or any other Insured Person who currently serves or has served within the past two (2) years as an Insured Person; or 5. any Claim against an Insured Person resulting from "Whistleblowing." For purposes of the preceding sentence, "Whistleblowing" means the disclosure by an Insured of mismanagement, corruption, illegality or other wrongdoing; The following Exclusions are applicable to INSURING AGREEMENT C.: The Insurer shall not be liable to pay any Loss arising from any Claim: E. arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving any violation of any statutory, regulatory or common law, governing any of the following activities: unfair trade practices, anti- trust, unfair competition, or tortious interference in another's business or contractual relationships; F. arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving any Insured's performance of or failure to perform professional services for others; provided, however, that this exclusion shall not apply to any derivative action alleging failure to supervise those who performed or failed to perform such professional services; G. based upon or attributable to liability under any oral or written contract or agreement including but not limited to any express warranties or guarantees, or liability assumed under any oral or written contract or agreement; provided, however, that this exclusion shall not be applicable to an Insured's alleged liability that exists in the absence of such contract or agreement; H. for infringement or violation of patent, trademark, trade secret copyright, misappropriation, plagiarism or any other intellectual property rights; I. arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving any actual or alleged any libel, slander, oral or written publication of defamatory or disparaging material, invasion of privacy, wrongful entry, eviction, false arrest, false imprisonment, malicious prosecution, malicious use or abuse of process, assault, battery or loss of consortium; J. arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving: ( i) any violation of the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (TCPA), including any amendments or additions thereto, or any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder, or any similar provisions of any federal, state, local, or foreign statutory or common law; or Page 7 of 8 CDO 1001 (12/17)
[OCR] D. brought or maintained by or on behalf of any Insured, provided this exclusion shall not apply to: 1 a Claim that is a derivative action brought or maintained on behalf of the Company by one or more persons who are not Insured Persons, where: (i) the Claim is brought and maintained without the participation, solicitation or active assistance of the Company or any Insured Person; or (ii) any such participation, solicitation or active assistance of the Company or any Insured Person is protected by any whistleblower statute or is solely pursuant to, or in compliance with, an enforceable subpoena or legal process; a Claim that is brought by an Insured Person for indemnity or contribution, provided the Claim directly results from another Claim that is covered under this Policy; a Claim that is brought by or on behalf of a bankruptcy trustee, examiner, receiver, or creditors’ committee of the Company against which such Claim is made, or any assignee of such bankruptcy trustee, examiner, receiver, or creditors' committee; a Claim by an Insured Person who has not served as an Insured Person for at least two (2) years prior to the date such Claim is first made, and who brings and maintains such Claim without the participation, solicitation or active assistance of the Company or any other Insured Person who currently serves or has served within the past two (2) years as an Insured Person; or any Claim against an Insured Person resulting from "Whistleblowing.” For purposes of the preceding sentence, "Whistleblowing" means the disclosure by an Insured of mismanagement, corruption, illegality or other wrongdoing; The following Exclusions are applicable to INSURING AGREEMENT C.: The Insurer shall not be liable to pay any Loss arising from any Claim: E arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving any violation of any statutory, regulatory or common law, governing any of the following activities: unfair trade practices, anti-trust, unfair competition, or tortious interference in another's business or contractual relationships; arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving any Insured's performance of or failure to perform professional services for others; provided, however, that this exclusion shall not apply to any derivative action alleging failure to supervise those who performed or failed to perform such professional services; based upon or attributable to liability under any oral or written contract or agreement including but not limited to any express warranties or guarantees, or liability assumed under any oral or written contract or agreement; provided, however, that this exclusion shall not be applicable to an Insured's alleged liability that exists in the absence of such contract or agreement; for infringement or violation of patent, trademark, trade secret copyright, misappropriation, plagiarism or any other intellectual property rights; arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving any actual or alleged any libel, slander, oral or written publication of defamatory or disparaging material, invasion of privacy, wrongful entry, eviction, false arrest, false imprisonment, malicious prosecution, malicious use or abuse of process, assault, battery or loss of consortium; arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving: (i) any violation of the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (TCPA), including any amendments or additions thereto, or any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder, or any similar provisions of any federal, state, local, or foreign statutory or common law; or Page 7 of 8 CDO 1001 (12/17)
[PAGE 25 END]
[PAGE 26 START]
[TEXT] K. arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving any of the following: 1. malfunction, defect, or failure of any goods or products manufactured, distributed, sold, installed, marketed, developed or processed by the Insured; 2. failure of goods, products, brands or services to conform with any statements or misrepresentations of quality or performance made in the advertising, promotions, marketing or labeling; or 3. incorrect or inadequate or misleading description of goods, products, brands or services in the advertising, marketing, promotions or labeling; or 4. failure to warn or to provide any warnings relating to any risks associated with the use of any goods, products, brands or services, whether required by statute, law, ordinance, regulation or by common law, including but not limited to California Proposition 65, or any other similar or substantially similar federal, state, or local statute; or IV. ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS In addition to the provisions set forth in the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS, the following provisions shall apply to this Coverage Part: A. Order of Payments In the event a covered Claim results in Loss payable under this Policy, the Insurer shall: 1. first pay Loss for which coverage is provided under Insuring Agreement A.; then 2. only after payment of all applicable Loss is made pursuant to paragraph IV.A.1., above, whatever amounts remaining of the Aggregate Limit of Liability for this Coverage Part, and subject to the Policy Maximum Aggregate Limit of Liability, shall be paid by the Insurer for any Loss covered under Insuring Agreements B., C., and D., if the Insurer is directed to do so in writing by the Named Insured. B. If a Company fails or refuses, other than for reason of financial impairment, to indemnify an Insured Person for Loss to the fullest extent permitted by statutory or common law, then any payment by the Insurer of such Loss shall be excess of the Retention applicable to INSURING AGREEMENT B. C. Fully Non-Rescindable The coverage provided by this Coverage Part shall not be rescinded by the Insurer for any reason; but such coverage shall be subject to all terms, conditions, and exclusions of this Policy. THIS POLICY SHALL NOT BE VALID UNLESS COMPLETED BY THE ATTACHMENT HERETO OF THE DECLARATIONS PAGE AND SIGNED BY A DULY AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE INSURER. Page 8 of 8 CDO 1001 (12/17)
[OCR] K arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving any of the following: 1 malfunction, defect, or failure of any goods or products manufactured, distributed, sold, installed, marketed, developed or processed by the Insured; failure of goods, products, brands or services to conform with any statements or misrepresentations of quality or performance made in the advertising, promotions, marketing or labeling; or incorrect or inadequate or misleading description of goods, products, brands or services in the advertising, marketing, promotions or labeling; or failure to warn or to provide any warnings relating to any risks associated with the use of any goods, products, brands or services, whether required by statute, law, ordinance, regulation or by common law, including but not limited to California Proposition 65, or any other similar or substantially similar federal, state, or local statute; or WV. ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS In addition to the provisions set forth in the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS, the following provisions shall apply to this Coverage Part: A. Order of Payments In the event a covered Claim results in Loss payable under this Policy, the Insurer shall: 1 first pay Loss for which coverage is provided under Insuring Agreement A.; then 2 only after payment of all applicable Loss is made pursuant to paragraph IV.A.1., above, whatever amounts remaining of the Aggregate Limit of Liability for this Coverage Part, and subject to the Policy Maximum Aggregate Limit of Liability, shall be paid by the Insurer for any Loss covered under Insuring Agreements B., C., and D., if the Insurer is directed to do so in writing by the Named Insured. If a Company fails or refuses, other than for reason of financial impairment, to indemnify an Insured Person for Loss to the fullest extent permitted by statutory or common law, then any payment by the Insurer of such Loss shall be excess of the Retention applicable to INSURING AGREEMENT B. Fully Non-Rescindable The coverage provided by this Coverage Part shall not be rescinded by the Insurer for any reason; but such coverage shall be subject to all terms, conditions, and exclusions of this Policy. THIS POLICY SHALL NOT BE VALID UNLESS COMPLETED BY THE ATTACHMENT HERETO OF THE DECLARATIONS PAGE AND SIGNED BY A DULY AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE INSURER. Page 8 of 8 CDO 1001 (12/17)
[PAGE 26 END]
[PAGE 27 START]
[TEXT] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 AMENDED DEFINITION OF INSURED PERSON ENDORSEMENT In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that Section II. DEFINITIONS, Subsection C. Insured Person of the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART of the Policy is amended as follows: C. Insured Person means any: i. Executive; ii. Employee; or iii. member of the Named Insured’s Management Committee, but solely while acting in his or her respective capacity as such. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CGTC 3101 (03/18)
[OCR] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 AMENDED DEFINITION OF INSURED PERSON ENDORSEMENT it LF In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, is understood and agreed that Section DEFINITIONS, Subsection c Insured Person of the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART of the Policy is amended as follows: c Insured Person means any: ( Executive; ii. Employee; or iii. member of the Named Insured’s Management Committee, but solely while acting in his or her respective capacity as such. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CGTC 3101 (03/18)
[PAGE 27 END]
[PAGE 28 START]
[TEXT] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 AMENDED NOTICE OF CLAIM AND WRONGFUL ACT (CEO, CFO, GC, Risk Manager, HR Manager) ENDORSEMENT THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that Section VIII. NOTICE OF CLAIM AND WRONGFUL ACT of the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS of the Policy is deleted and replaced with the following: VIII. NOTICE OF CLAIM AND WRONGFUL ACT A. As a condition precedent to the obligations of the Insurer under this Policy, the Insureds shall give the Insurer written notice of any Claim, or Security Holder Derivative Demand made during the Policy Period or the Discovery Period (if applicable) against an Insured as soon as practicable after the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel, Risk Manager, Human Resource Manager, or any individual holding the functional equivalent of these positions first learns of such Claim, but in all events before the later of: 1) ninety (90) days after the Policy expires and is renewed with the Insurer, provided however, if the Insured can prove to the Insurer's satisfaction that it was not reasonably possible for the Insured to give such notice within the ninety (90) day time period and that subsequent notice was given as soon as reasonably possible thereafter, the Insurer shall waive the foregoing time period; or 2) sixty (60) days after: a) this Policy expires or terminates and is not renewed with the Insurer; or b) the expiration date of the Discovery Period, if applicable. B. Notwithstanding the conditions and obligations set forth in Subsection A., above, in the event the Insured fails to provide timely notice of a Claim, coverage may be denied by the Insurer solely on the basis of late notice only if the Insurer can show that such late notice materially prejudiced its interests. C. If during the Policy Period or the Discovery Period (if applicable), the Insured becomes aware of any circumstances which reasonably may be expected to give rise to a Claim being made against an Insured, and gives written notice to the Insurer of such circumstances, including the anticipated alleged Wrongful Act(s), the reasons for anticipating such a Claim, and full particulars as to dates, persons and entities involved, then any Claim subsequently made against the Insureds arising out of the circumstances described in such notice shall be deemed to have been made at the time such notice was received by the Insurer. D. The Insureds shall give notice to the Insurer under this Section at the address set forth by Endorsement to this Policy. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CGTC 3068 (12/17)
[OCR] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS AMENDED NOTICE OF CLAIM AND WRONGFUL ACT (CEO, CFO, GC, Risk Manager, HR Manager) ENDORSEMENT In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that Section Vill. NOTICE OF CLAIM AND WRONGFUL ACT of the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS of the Policy is deleted and replaced with the following: Vit. NOTICE OF CLAIM AND WRONGFUL ACT A. As a condition precedent to the obligations of the Insurer under this Policy, the Insureds shall give the Insurer written notice of any Claim, or Security Holder Derivative Demand made during the Policy Period or the Discovery Period (if applicable) against an Insured as soon as practicable after the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel, Risk Manager, Human Resource Manager, or any individual holding the functional equivalent of these positions first learns of such Claim, but in all events before the later of: 1) ninety (90) days after the Policy expires and is renewed with the Insurer, provided however, if the Insured can prove to the Insurer's satisfaction that it was not reasonably possible for the Insured to give such notice within the ninety (90) day time period and that subsequent notice was given as soon as reasonably possible thereafter, the Insurer shall waive the foregoing time period; or 2) sixty (60) days after: a) this Policy expires or terminates and is not renewed with the Insurer; or b) the expiration date of the Discovery Period, if applicable. Notwithstanding the conditions and obligations set forth in Subsection A., above, in the event the Insured fails to provide timely notice of a Claim, coverage may be denied by the Insurer solely on the basis of late notice only if the Insurer can show that such late notice materially prejudiced its interests. If during the Policy Period or the Discovery Period (if applicable), the Insured becomes aware of any circumstances which reasonably may be expected to give rise to a Claim being made against an Insured, and gives written notice to the Insurer of such circumstances, including the anticipated alleged Wrongful Act(s), the reasons for anticipating such a Claim, and full particulars as to dates, persons and entities involved, then any Claim subsequently made against the Insureds arising out of the circumstances described in such notice shall be deemed to have been made at the time such notice was received by the Insurer. The insureds — shall give notice to the Insurer under this Section at the address set forth by Endorsement to this Policy. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CGTC 3068 (12/17)
[PAGE 28 END]
[PAGE 29 START]
[TEXT] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 90 DAY ELECTION FOR DISCOVERY PERIOD THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that Section IX. DISCOVERY PERIOD, Subsection A. of the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS of the Policy is deleted and replaced with the following: A. If the Named Insured cancels or if the Insurer or the Named Insured refuses to renew this Policy, the Named Insured shall have up to ninety (90) days after the effective date of such cancellation or non-renewal, to pay the Additional Premium for the Discovery Period specified in Item 3. Of the Declarations to extend the coverage granted by this Policy to any Claims first made during an additional period of time specified in Item 3. Of the Declarations (the Discovery Period), which Discovery Period shall begin on the effective date of such cancellation or non-renewal; provided, however, that the Named Insured shall not be entitled to extend the coverage granted by this Policy by paying the Additional Premium for the Discovery Period if the Policy is rescinded, cancelled, or non-renewed as a result of a material misrepresentation on the Application. Any coverage for Claims first made and first reported during the Discovery Period shall be limited only to Wrongful Acts that occurred prior to the inception of the Discovery Period. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CGTC 3099 (03/18)
[OCR] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 90 DAY ELECTION FOR DISCOVERY PERIOD In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that Section IX. DISCOVERY PERIOD, Subsection A. of the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS of the Policy is deleted and replaced with the following: A If the Named Insured cancels or if the Insurer or the Named Insured refuses to renew this Policy, the Named Insured shall have up to ninety (90) days after the effective date of such cancellation or non-renewal, to pay the Additional Premium for the Discovery Period specified in Item 3. Of the Declarations to extend the coverage granted by this Policy to any Claims first made during an additional period of time specified in Item 3. Of the Declarations (the Discovery Period), which Discovery Period shall begin on the effective date of such cancellation or non-renewal; provided, however, that the Named Insured shall not be entitled to extend the coverage granted by this Policy by paying the Additional Premium for the Discovery Period if the Policy is rescinded, cancelled, or non-renewed as a result of a material misrepresentation on the Application. Any coverage for Claims first made and first reported during the Discovery Period shall be limited only to Wrongful Acts that occurred prior to the inception of the Discovery Period. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CGTC 3099 (03/18)
[PAGE 29 END]
[PAGE 30 START]
[TEXT] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONVERSION TO DUTY TO DEFEND (WITH WAGE AND HOUR DEFENSE COSTS COVERAGE AND REVISED ALLOCATION) In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed as follows: Solely with respect to the Specified Coverage Part(s), this Policy is amended as follows: 1. Section IV. DEFENSE AND SETTLEMENT of the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS is deleted and replaced with the following: IV. DEFENSE AND SETTLEMENT A. It shall be the duty of the Insurer, and not the duty of the Insureds, to defend any Claim other than a Wage and Hour Violation Claim. Such duty shall exist even if such Claim is groundless, false or fraudulent, provided, however, that the Insurer shall not be obligated to defend such Claim after the least of the following has been exhausted: (i) the Policy Maximum Aggregate Limit of Liability; (ii) the Aggregate Limit of Liability of the applicable Coverage Part; or (iii) any applicable Sub-Limit of Liability. B. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, however, it shall be the duty of the Insured, and not the duty of the Insurer, to defend any Wage and Hour Violation Claim under this Policy; but the Insurer shall have a right to associate in the defense of such Wage and Hour Violation Claim. C. The Insureds agree not to settle or offer to settle any Claim, incur any Defense Expenses, or otherwise assume any contractual obligation or admit any liability with respect to any Claim without the prior written consent of the Insurer, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld. The Insurer shall not be liable for any settlement, Defense Expenses, assumed obligation, or admission to which it has not consented. The Insureds shall promptly send to the Insurer all settlement demands or offers received by any Insured from the claimant(s). D. The Insureds agree to provide the Insurer with all information, assistance and cooperation which the Insurer reasonably requests and agree that, in the event of a Claim, the Insureds will do nothing that shall prejudice the position of the Insurer or its potential or actual rights of recovery. E. The Insurer may make any investigation it deems necessary, and may, with the written consent of the Insureds, settle any Claim for a monetary amount that the Insurer deems reasonable. If any Insureds refuse to consent to a settlement recommended by the Insurer and acceptable to the claimant, then, subject to the Insurer's applicable Limit of Liability set forth In Item 2. Of the Declarations, the Insurer's liability for such Claim will not exceed: (a) the amount for which such Claim could have been settled by the Insurer plus Defense Expenses incurred prior to the date the Insured refused to settle such Claim; and (b) 80% of any Loss incurred for such Claim in excess of the amount in clause (a) above. The percentage of Loss for which the Insureds are responsible under this paragraph will be carried by the Insureds uninsured and at their own risk. 2. Section XI. ALLOCATION, of the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS is deleted and replaced with the following: XI. ALLOCATION If both Loss covered by this Policy and loss not covered by this Policy are incurred as a result of a Claim, the Insurer shall not be liable for that portion of such amount allocated to non-covered loss and:
[OCR] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONVERSION TO DUTY TO DEFEND (WITH WAGE AND HOUR DEFENSE COSTS COVERAGE AND REVISED ALLOCATION) In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed as follows: Solely with respect to the Specified Coverage Part(s), this Policy is amended as follows: 1 Section IV. DEFENSE AND SETTLEMENT of the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS is deleted and replaced with the following: IV. DEFENSE AND SETTLEMENT A It shall be the duty of the Insurer, and not the duty of the Insureds, to defend any Claim other than a Wage and Hour Violation Claim. Such duty shall exist even if such Claim is groundless, false or fraudulent, provided, however, that the Insurer shall not be obligated to defend such Claim after the least of the following has been exhausted: (i) the Policy Maximum Aggregate Limit of Liability; (ii) the Aggregate Limit of Liability of the applicable Coverage Part; or (iii) any applicable Sub-Limit of Liability. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, however, it shall be the duty of the Insured, and not the duty of the Insurer, to defend any Wage and Hour Violation Claim under this Policy; but the Insurer shall have a right to associate in the defense of such Wage and Hour Violation Claim. The Insureds agree not to settle or offer to settle any Claim, incur any Defense Expenses, or otherwise assume any contractual obligation or admit any liability with respect to any Claim without the prior written consent of the Insurer, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld. The Insurer shall not be liable for any settlement, Defense Expenses, assumed obligation, or admission to which it has not consented. The Insureds shall promptly send to the Insurer all settlement demands or offers received by any Insured from the claimant(s). The Insureds agree to provide the Insurer with all information, assistance and cooperation which the Insurer reasonably requests and agree that, in the event of a Claim, the Insureds will do nothing that shall prejudice the position of the Insurer or its potential or actual rights of recovery. The Insurer may make any investigation it deems necessary, and may, with the written consent of the Insureds, settle any Claim for a monetary amount that the Insurer deems reasonable. If any insureds refuse to consent to a settlement recommended by the Insurer and acceptable to the claimant, then, subject to the Insurer's applicable Limit of Liability set forth In Item 2. Of the Declarations, the Insurer's liability for such Claim will not exceed: (a) the amount for which such Claim could have been settled by the Insurer plus Defense Expenses incurred prior to the date the Insured refused to settle such Claim; and (b) 80% of any Loss incurred for such Claim in excess of the amount in clause (a) above. The percentage of Loss for which the Insureds are responsible under this paragraph will be carried by the Insureds uninsured and at their own risk. 2. Section XI. ALLOCATION, of the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS is deleted and replaced with the following: Xl. ALLOCATION If both Loss covered by this Policy and loss not covered by this Policy are incurred as a result of a Claim, the Insurer shall not be liable for that portion of such amount allocated to non-covered loss and:
[PAGE 30 END]
[PAGE 31 START]
[TEXT] A. With respect to all loss incurred by the Insured in connection with such Claim, the Insured and the Insurer agree to use their best efforts to determine a fair and proper allocation of covered Loss and non-covered loss, taking into account the relative legal and financial exposures of and the relative benefits obtained in the defense and/or settlement of the Claim. B. In the event that the Insurer and the Insureds cannot agree upon an allocation, the Insurer shall make an interim payment for the Loss that is not in dispute until a different amount shall be agreed upon or determined pursuant to the provisions of this Policy and applicable law. Notwithstanding the above, the Insurer shall pay, on behalf of the Insureds, all Defense Expenses incurred in defense of any Claim that is not a Wage and Hour Violation Claim and that is in whole or in part covered under this Policy. Solely with respect to Defense Expenses incurred as a result of a Wage and Hour Violation Claim, however, the Insureds and the Insurer agree to use their best efforts to determine a fair and proper allocation of covered and non-covered Defense Expenses. C. In the event that the Insurer and the Insured cannot agree upon an allocation of loss other than Defense Expense in connection with a Claim or Defense Expenses incurred by the Insured in connection with a Wage and Hour Violation Claim, the Insurer shall make an interim payment for the Loss, other than Defense Expenses, that is not in dispute until a different amount shall be agreed upon or determined pursuant to the provisions of this Policy and applicable law. If the Insured and the Insurer cannot agree on an allocation of Defense Expenses incurred in connection with a Wage and Hour Violation Claim, no presumption as to allocation of such Defense Expenses shall exist; but the Insurer shall pay on behalf of the Insured, Defense Expenses incurred in connection with a Wage or Hour Violation Claim which the Insurer believes to be covered until a different allocation is negotiated or judicially determined. D. Notwithstanding any prior advancement to the contrary, any negotiated or judicially determined allocation of Defense Expenses incurred in connection with a Wage and Hour Violation Claim shall be applied retroactively to all such Defense Expenses. Solely with respect to the EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES AND THIRD-PARTY DISCRIMINATION LIABILITY COVERAGE PART, this Policy is amended as follows: 1. The Employment Practices Liability section of Item 2. Of the Declarations is amended by adding the following: Sub-Limit of Liability for Wage and Hour Claim Defense Expenses: $N/A Retention for Wage and Hour Claim Defense Expenses: $N/A Retroactive Date for Wage and Hour Claims: N/A 2. Section I. INSURING AGREEMENTS of the EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES AND THIRD-PARTY DISCRIMINATION LIABILITY COVERAGE PART is amended by adding the following: C. Wage and Hour Claim Defense Expenses Subject to the Sub-Limit of Liability for Wage and Hour Claim Defense Expenses set forth in the Declarations, the Insurer shall pay, on behalf of the Insured, Defense Expenses arising from any Wage and Hour Violation Claim taking place (i) after the Retroactive Date for Wage and Hour Violation Claims and (ii) prior to the end of the Policy Period, provided such Claim is first made against the Insureds during the Policy Period or the Discovery Period (if applicable) and is reported to the Insurer in the time and manner required by this Policy. 3. Section II. DEFINITIONS of the EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES AND THIRD-PARTY DISCRIMINATION LIABILITY COVERAGE PART is amended by adding the following: (WV-1) Wage and Hour Violation means any violation of any federal, state, local or foreign statutory or common law (including, but not limited to the Fair Labor Standards Act), or any amendments thereto or regulations promulgated thereunder, governing wage, hour and payroll policies and practices (except the Equal Pay Act) including, without limitation:
[OCR] With respect to all loss incurred by the Insured in connection with such Claim, the Insured and the Insurer agree to use their best efforts to determine a fair and proper allocation of covered Loss and non-covered loss, taking into account the relative legal and financial exposures of and the relative benefits obtained in the defense and/or settlement of the Claim. In the event that the Insurer and the Insureds cannot agree upon an allocation, the Insurer shall make an interim payment for the Loss that is not in dispute until a different amount shall be agreed upon or determined pursuant to the provisions of this Policy and applicable law. Notwithstanding the above, the Insurer shall pay, on behalf of the Insureds, all Defense Expenses incurred in defense of any Claim that is not a Wage and Hour Violation Claim and that is in whole or in part covered under this Policy. Solely with respect to Defense Expenses incurred as a result of a Wage and Hour Violation Claim, however, the Insureds and the Insurer agree to use their best efforts to determine a fair and proper allocation of covered and non-covered Defense Expenses. In the event that the Insurer and the Insured cannot agree upon an allocation of loss other than Defense Expense in connection with a Claim or Defense Expenses incurred by the Insured in connection with a Wage and Hour Violation Claim, the Insurer shall make an interim payment for the Loss, other than Defense Expenses, that is not in dispute until a different amount shall be If the agreed upon or determined pursuant to the provisions of this Policy and applicable law. Insured and the Insurer cannot agree on an allocation of Defense Expenses incurred in connection with a Wage and Hour Violation Claim, no presumption as to allocation of such Defense Expenses shall exist; but the Insurer shall pay on behalf of the Insured, Defense incurred Insurer Expenses in connection with a Wage or Hour Violation Claim which the believes to be covered until a different allocation is negotiated or judicially determined. Notwithstanding any prior advancement to the contrary, any negotiated or judicially determined allocation of Defense Expenses incurred in connection with a Wage and Hour Violation Claim shall be applied retroactively to all such Defense Expenses. Solely with respect to the EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES AND THIRD-PARTY DISCRIMINATION LIABILITY COVERAGE PART, this Policy is amended as follows: 1 The Employment Practices Liability section of Item 2. Of the Declarations is amended by adding the following: Sub-Limit of Liability for Wage and Hour Claim Defense Expenses: S$N/A Retention for Wage and Hour Claim Defense Expenses: S$N/A N/A Retroactive Date for Wage and Hour Claims: Section l INSURING AGREEMENTS of the EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES AND THIRD-PARTY DISCRIMINATION LIABILITY COVERAGE PART is amended by adding the following: C. Wage and Hour Claim Defense Expenses Subject to the Sub-Limit of Liability for Wage and Hour Claim Defense Expenses set forth in the Declarations, the Insurer shall pay, on behalf of the Insured, Defense Expenses arising from any Wage and Hour Violation Claim taking place (i) after the Retroactive Date for Wage and Hour Violation Claims and (ii) prior to the end of the Policy Period, provided such Claim is first made against the Insureds during the Policy Period or the Discovery Period (if applicable) and is reported to the Insurer in the time and manner required by this Policy. Section Il. DEFINITIONS of the EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES AND THIRD-PARTY DISCRIMINATION LIABILITY COVERAGE PART is amended by adding the following: (WV-1) Wage and Hour Violation means any violation of any federal, state, local or foreign statutory or common law (including, but not limited to the Fair Labor Standards Act), or any amendments thereto or regulations promulgated thereunder, governing wage, hour and payroll policies and practices (except the Equal Pay Act) including, without limitation:
[PAGE 31 END]
[PAGE 32 START]
[TEXT] a. the refusal, inability, or failure of a Company or Insured Person to pay wages or overtime pay, or any amounts representing such wages or pay, for services rendered or time spent in connection with work-related activities; b. improper pay deductions taken by a Company or Insured Person from any Employee or purported employee; c. improper classification of any Employee or purported employee; or d. failure to provide or enforce any legally required rest or meal breaks. It is understood and agreed that all Wage and Hour Violations that are: (i) repeated or continuous; (ii) connected by reason of any common circumstance, situation, transaction, casualty, event, decision or policy; or (iii) part of the same series of facts, circumstances, situations, transactions, casualties, events, decisions, or policies; shall be considered a single Wage and Hour Violation and is deemed to have taken place when the earliest such Wage and Hour Violation was made. (WV-2) Wage and Hour Violation Claim means any Claim arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from, or in any way involving, in whole or in part, any actual or alleged Wage and Hour Violation. 4. Section III. EXCLUSIONS of the EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES AND THIRD-PARTY DISCRIMINATION LIABILITY COVERAGE PART is amended by adding the following: The Insurer shall not be liable to pay any Loss arising from any Wage and Hour Violation Claim: (WV-1) alleging any Wage and Hour Violation brought in or subject to the jurisdiction of any court or arbitration in any Specified Jurisdiction(s) or involving any Employee located in or subject to the laws of such Specified Jurisdiction(s) (whether such law originates from a statute, regulation, rule, common law, or otherwise); or (WV-2) any Claim alleging, arising out of, based upon or attributable to any Wage and Hour Violation that is filed, made, brought, or otherwise commenced brought in any Specified Jurisdiction(s); or (WV-3) brought by or on behalf of any Employee holding any of the following positions: Independent Contractor As used herein, the Specified Jurisdiction(s) means the country(ies), state(s), province(s) or territory(ies) listed below: CALIFORNIA and/or NEW YORK CITY 5. Section III. GENERAL POLICY EXCLUSIONS, Subsection G. of the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS is amended by adding the following: Provided, however, that this exclusion shall not apply to Defense Expenses incurred in the defense of that portion of any Claim for any actual or alleged Wage and Hour Violation otherwise covered by Insuring Agreement C. (entitled "Wage and Hour Claim Defense Expenses") of the EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES LIABILITY AND THIRD-PARTY DISCRIMINATION COVERAGE PART. As used in this endorsement, "Specified Coverage Part(s)" means solely the Coverage Part(s) indicated with an "X" below:
[OCR] the refusal, inability, or failure of a Company or Insured Person to pay wages or overtime pay, or any amounts representing such wages or pay, for services rendered or time spent in connection with work-related activities; improper pay deductions taken by a Company or Insured Person from any Employee or purported employee; improper classification of any Employee or purported employee; or failure to provide or enforce any legally required rest or meal breaks. It is understood and agreed that all Wage and Hour Violations that are: i) repeated or continuous; {ii) connected by reason of any common circumstance, situation, transaction, casualty, event, decision or policy; or (iii) part of the same series of facts, circumstances, situations, transactions, casualties, events, decisions, or policies; shall be considered a single Wage and Hour Violation and is deemed to have taken place when the earliest such Wage and Hour Violation was made. (WV-2) Wage and Hour Violation Claim means any Claim arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from, or in any way involving, in whole or in part, any actual or alleged Wage and Hour Violation. 4. Section Ill. EXCLUSIONS of the EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES AND THIRD-PARTY DISCRIMINATION LIABILITY COVERAGE PART is amended by adding the following: The Insurer shall not be liable to pay any Loss arising from any Wage and Hour Violation Claim: (WV-1) alleging any Wage and Hour Violation brought in or subject to the jurisdiction of any court or arbitration in any Specified Jurisdiction(s) or involving any Employee located in or subject to the laws of such Specified Jurisdiction(s) (whether such law originates from a statute, regulation, rule, common law, or otherwise); or (wv-2) any Claim alleging, arising out of, based upon or attributable to any Wage and Hour Violation that is filed, made, brought, or otherwise commenced brought in any Specified Jurisdiction(s); or (WV-3) brought by or on behalf of any Employee holding any of the following positions: Independent Contractor As used herein, the Specified Jurisdiction(s) means the country(ies), state(s), province(s) or territory(ies) listed below: CALIFORNIA and/or NEW YORK CITY 5. Section Ill. GENERAL POLICY EXCLUSIONS, Subsection G. of the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS is amended by adding the following: Provided, however, that this exclusion shall not apply to Defense Expenses incurred in the defense of that portion of any Claim for any actual or alleged Wage and Hour Violation otherwise covered by Insuring Agreement C. (entitled "Wage and Hour Claim Defense Expenses") of the EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES LIABILITY AND THIRD-PARTY DISCRIMINATION COVERAGE PART. As used in this endorsement, "Specified Coverage Part(s)” means solely the Coverage Part(s) indicated with an *X" below:
[PAGE 32 END]
[PAGE 33 START]
[TEXT] X EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES LIABILITY COVERAGE PART EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART FIDUCIARY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART COMMERCIAL CRIME COVERAGE PART CYBER LIABILITY COVERAGE PART ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CGTC 3176 (05/20)
[PAGE 33 END]
[PAGE 34 START]
[TEXT] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 This Endorsement Modifies Your Policy. Please Read It Carefully. FEDERAL SHARE OF COMPENSATION UNDER TRIA AND CAP ON LOSSES ENDORSEMENT This endorsement modifies insurance provided by this Policy: DISCLOSURE You should know that where coverage is provided by this Policy for losses resulting from "Certified Acts of Terrorism" (as defined by Section 102 (1) of United States Terrorism Risk Insurance Act), such losses may be partially reimbursed by the United States Government under a formula established by federal law. However, your Policy may contain other exclusions which might affect your coverage such as, an exclusion for nuclear events. Under the formula, the United States Government generally reimburses 80% of covered terrorism losses exceeding the statutorily established deductible paid by the insurance company providing the coverage. You should also know that the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act, as amended, contains a $100 billion cap that limits United States Government reimbursement as well as insurers’ liability for losses resulting from "Certified Acts of Terrorism" when the amount of such losses in any one calendar year exceeds $100 billion. If the aggregate insured losses for all insurers exceed $100 billion in a calendar year and if we have met our insurer deductible, we are not liable for the payment of any portion of the amount of such losses that exceeds $100 billion; and for aggregate insured losses up to $100 billion, we will only pay a pro rata share of such insured losses as determined by the Secretary of the Treasury. This Endorsement and any Insured are subject to all of the terms, conditions and exclusions of the policy. TRIA 0002 (01/21)
[OCR] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 This Endorsement Modifies Your Policy. Please Read It Carefully. FEDERAL SHARE OF COMPENSATION UNDER TRIA AND CAP ON LOSSES ENDORSEMENT This endorsement modifies insurance provided by this Policy: DISCLOSURE You should know that where coverage is provided by this Policy for losses resulting from "Certified Acts of Terrorism" (as defined by Section 102(1} of United States Terrorism Risk Insurance Act), such losses may be partially reimbursed by the United States Government under a formula established by federal law. However, your Policy may contain other exclusions which might affect your coverage such as, an exclusion for nuclear events. Under the formula, the United States Government generally reimburses 80% of covered terrorism losses exceeding the statutorily established deductible paid by the insurance company providing the coverage. You should also know that the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act, as amended, contains a $100 billion cap that limits United States Government reimbursement as well as insurers’ liability for losses resulting from "Certified Acts of Terrorism" when the amount of such losses in any one calendar year exceeds $100 billion. If the aggregate insured losses for all insurers exceed $100 billion in a calendar year and if we have met our insurer deductible, we are not liable for the payment of any portion of the amount of such losses that exceeds $100 billion; and for aggregate insured losses up to $100 billion, we will only pay a pro rata share of such insured losses as determined by the Secretary of the Treasury. This Endorsement and any Insured are subject to all of the terms, conditions and exclusions of the policy. TRIA 0002 (01/21)
[PAGE 34 END]
[PAGE 35 START]
[TEXT] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 FULLY NON-RESCINDABLE ENDORSEMENT THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: ALPHAPACK COMMERCIAL POLICY In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that the Policy is amended as follows: 1. Section IV. ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS, Subsection C., of the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART is deleted. 2. Section XIII. GENERAL CONDITIONS, Subsection G. Representations of the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS is amended by adding the following: Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, the coverage provided by this Policy shall not be rescinded by the Insurer for any reason; but such coverage shall be subject to all terms, conditions, and exclusions of this Policy. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CGTC 3066 (11/17)
[OCR] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: ALPHAPACK COMMERCIAL POLICY FULLY NON-RESCINDABLE ENDORSEMENT In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that the Policy is amended as follows: Section IV. ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS, Subsection C., of the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART is deleted. Section XiIll. GENERAL CONDITIONS, Subsection G. Representations of the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS is amended by adding the following: Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, the coverage provided by this Policy shall not be rescinded by the Insurer for any reason; but such coverage shall be subject to all terms, conditions, and exclusions of this Policy. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CGTC 3066 (11/17)
[PAGE 35 END]
[PAGE 36 START]
[TEXT] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS AMENDATORY ENDORSEMENT In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that the Policy is amended as follows: 1. Section II. GENERAL DEFINITIONS, Subsection B. Application of the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS is deleted and replaced with the following: B. Application means the written application for this Policy along with any written attachments, warranties, and other material submitted with or incorporated into such application, as well as any other documents submitted in connection with the underwriting of this Policy. 2. Section II. GENERAL DEFINITIONS, Subsection CC. Subsidiary of the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS is deleted and replaced with the following: CC. Subsidiary means: 1. any corporation, limited liability company, joint venture, partnership or other entity of which the Named Insured owns, directly or indirectly through one or more of its Subsidiaries, more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding stock or other interest representing the present right to vote, designate or select a majority of the Board of Directors of a corporation or of the management board of a limited liability company or for which the Named Insured maintains management control of an entity, but only during such time as the Named Insured owns, directly or indirectly through one or more of its Subsidiaries, more than fifty percent (50%) of such outstanding stock or other interest representing the present right to vote, designate or select a majority of the Board of Directors of a corporation or of the management board of a limited liability company, or maintains management control of such entity; or 2. any joint venture entity in which the Named Insured or any entity described in paragraph 1., above, has exactly fifty percent (50%) ownership of the interests of such joint venture entity and where, pursuant to a written joint venture agreement, the Named Insured or any entity described in paragraph 1., above, controls the management and operations of such joint venture entity. In the event a Subsidiary is acquired at any point during the Policy Period, then Section XIII. GENERAL CONDITIONS, Subsection E. Mergers and Acquisitions, of these GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS shall apply.3. 3. Section III. GENERAL POLICY EXCLUSIONS, Subsection A. of the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS is deleted and replaced with the following: The Insurer shall not be liable to pay any Loss in connection with any Claim: A. brought about or contributed to by: (i) the gaining of any personal profit or financial advantage to which an Insured was not legally entitled; or (ii) by the committing of any intentionally criminal or deliberate fraudulent act, if such profit or advantage or intentional criminal or deliberate fraudulent act is established by final, non-appealable adjudication in the underlying action. For the purpose of applying this exclusion, any Wrongful Act of the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer of the Company shall be imputed to such Company. With the exception of the possible imputation of Wrongful Acts described in the preceding sentence, no Wrongful Act of an Insured may be imputed to any other Insured. Additionally, Section A. (i) of this exclusion shall not apply to any Securities Claim arising out of a public offering of securities of the Company, or to any Employment Claim or Third-Party Discrimination Claim for which coverage is otherwise provided under the EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES LIABILITY COVERAGE PART; 4. Section III. GENERAL POLICY EXCLUSIONS, Subsection B. of the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
[OCR] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS AMENDATORY ENDORSEMENT In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that the Policy is amended 's follows: IL Section GENERAL DEFINITIONS, Subsection B. Application of the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS is deleted and replaced with the following: B. Application means the written application for this Policy along with any written attachments, warranties, and other material submitted with or incorporated into such application, as well as any other documents submitted in connection with the underwriting of this Policy. Section I. GENERAL DEFINITIONS, Subsection CC. Subsidiary of the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS is deleted and replaced with the following: CC. Subsidiary means: 1 any corporation, limited liability company, joint venture, partnership or other entity of which the Named Insured owns, directly or indirectly through one or more of its Subsidiaries, more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding stock or other interest representing the present right to vote, designate or select a majority of the Board of Directors of a corporation or of the management board of a limited liability company or for which the Named Insured maintains management control of an entity, but only during such time as the Named Insured owns, directly or indirectly through one or more of its Subsidiaries, more than fifty percent (50%) of such outstanding stock or other interest representing the present right to vote, designate or select a majority of the Board of Directors of a corporation or of the management board of a limited liability company, or maintains management control of such entity; or any joint venture entity in which the Named Insured or any entity described in paragraph 1., above, has exactly fifty percent (50%) ownership of the interests of such joint venture entity and where, pursuant to a written joint venture agreement, the Named Insured or any entity described in paragraph 1., above, controls the management and operations of such joint venture entity. In the event a Subsidiary is acquired at any point during the Policy Period, then Section XiIll. GENERAL CONDITIONS, Subsection E. Mergers and Acquisitions, of these GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS shall apply.3. Section Ill, GENERAL POLICY EXCLUSIONS, Subsection A. of the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS is deleted and replaced with the following: The Insurer shall not be liable to pay any Loss in connection with any Claim: A. brought about or contributed to by: (i) the gaining of any personal profit or financial advantage to which an Insured was not legally entitled; or (ii) by the committing of any intentionally criminal or deliberate fraudulent act, if such profit or advantage or intentional criminal or deliberate fraudulent act is stablished by final, non-appealable adjudication in the underlying action. For the purpose of applying this exclusion, any Wrongful Act of the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer of the Company shall be imputed to such Company. With the exception of the possible imputation of Wrongful Acts described in the preceding sentence, no Wrongful Act of an Insured may be imputed to any other Insured. Additionally, Section A. (i) of this exclusion shall not apply to any Securities Claim arising out of a public offering of securities of the Company, or to any Employment Claim or Third-Party Discrimination Claim for which coverage is otherwise provided under the EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES LIABILITY COVERAGE PART; 4. Section Ill. GENERAL POLICY EXCLUSIONS, Subsection B. of the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
[PAGE 36 END]
[PAGE 37 START]
[TEXT] is deleted and replaced as follows: The Insurer shall not be liable to pay any Loss in connection with any Claim: B. for any actual or alleged bodily injury, mental anguish or emotional distress, sickness, or death of any person, or damage to or destruction of any tangible property, including the loss of use thereof; provided, however, this exclusion shall not apply to: 1. emotional distress and mental anguish damages asserted in any Employment Claim or Third-Party Discrimination Claim; 2. Defense Expenses incurred in a criminal proceeding for manslaughter (or for any similar offense); or 3. any Securities Claim; 5. Section III. GENERAL POLICY EXCLUSIONS, Subsection C. of the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS is deleted and replaced as follows: The Insurer shall not be liable to pay any Loss in connection with any Claim: C. arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving any written demand upon an Insured or any suit, proceeding or other claim, or any investigation in which an Insured is a named party and had notice, pending on or prior to the respective Coverage Part Pending or Prior Litigation Date stated in Item 2. of the Declarations, or any fact, matter, circumstance, situation, transaction or event underlying or alleged in such written demand, suit proceeding, claim or investigation; provided, however, that this exclusion shall apply solely to the Coverage Part for which the Insured's notice of the written demand, suit, proceeding or other claim or any investigation preceded its respective Pending or Prior Litigation Date; 6. Solely with respect to a Claim for which coverage is provided under the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART, Section III. GENERAL POLICY EXCLUSIONS, Subsection D., Paragraph 1. of the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS is deleted and replaced with the following: The Insurer shall not be liable to pay any Loss in connection with any Claim: D. arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving: 1. any Wrongful Act alleged in any demand, suit, proceeding or other claim which has been the subject of any notice given or reported and accepted prior to the inception of the Policy Period, or in any circumstance of which notice has been given and accepted under any policy of which this Policy or any Coverage Part is a renewal, replacement, or succeeds in time; 7. Section XIII. GENERAL CONDITIONS, Subsection G. Representations of the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS is amended by adding the following: Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, the coverage provided by this Policy shall not be rescinded by the Insurer for any reason, but such coverage shall be subject to all terms, conditions and exclusions of this Policy. 8. Section IV. ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS, Subsection C. Fully Non-Rescindable of the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART is deleted. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CGTC 3161 (07/19)
[OCR] is deleted and replaced as follows: The Insurer shall not be liable to pay any Loss in connection with any Claim: B for any actual or alleged bodily injury, mental anguish or emotional distress, sickness, or death of any person, or damage to or destruction of any tangible property, including the loss of use thereof; provided, however, this exclusion shall not apply to: 1 emotional distress and mental anguish damages asserted in any Employment Claim or Third-Party Discrimination Claim; Defense Expenses incurred in a criminal proceeding for manslaughter (or for any similar offense); or 3 any Securities Claim; 5. Section Ill. GENERAL POLICY EXCLUSIONS, Subsection C. of the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS is deleted and replaced as follows: The Insurer shall not be liable to pay any Loss in connection with any Claim: c arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving any written demand upon an Insured or any suit, proceeding or other claim, or any investigation in which an Insured is a named party and had notice, pending on or prior to the respective Coverage Part Pending or Prior Litigation Date stated in Item 2. of the Declarations, or any fact, matter, circumstance, situation, transaction or event suit claim or underlying or alleged in such written demand, proceeding, investigation; provided, however, that this exclusion shall apply solely to the Coverage Part for which the Insured's notice of the written demand, suit, proceeding or other claim or any investigation preceded its respective Pending or Prior Litigation Date; Solely with respect to a Claim for which coverage is provided under the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE It. COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART, Section GENERAL POLICY EXCLUSIONS, Subsection D., Paragraph 1. of the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS is deleted and replaced with the following: The Insurer shall not be liable to pay any Loss in connection with any Claim: D arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving: 1 any Wrongful Act alleged in any demand, suit, proceeding or other claim which has been the subject of any notice given or reported and accepted prior to the inception of the Policy Period, or in any circumstance of which notice has been given and accepted under any policy of which this Policy or any Coverage Part is a renewal, replacement, or succeeds in time; Section Xilll. GENERAL CONDITIONS, Subsection G. Representations of the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS is amended by adding the following: Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, the coverage provided by this Policy shall not be rescinded by the Insurer for any reason, but such coverage shall be subject to all terms, conditions and exclusions of this Policy. Section IV. ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS, Subsection C. Fully Non-Rescindable of the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART is deleted. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CGTC 3161 (07/19)
[PAGE 37 END]
[PAGE 38 START]
[TEXT] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 MARYLAND CHANGES ENDORSEMENT THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS of the Policy is amended as follows: 1. Section II. GENERAL DEFINITIONS is amended by adding the following definition: First-class mail tracking method means a method that provides evidence of the date that a piece of first-class mail was accepted for mailing by the United States Postal Service, including a certificate of mail and an electronic mail tracking system used by the United States Postal Service. First-class mail tracking method does not include a certificate of bulk mailing. 2. Section XIII. GENERAL CONDITIONS, Subsection A. Cancellation and Non-Renewal, Paragraph 3. is deleted and replaced with the following: 3. The Insurer may elect not to renew Policy by mailing notice of non-renewal to the Named Insured at the last mailing address known to us at least 45 days before the expiration date of this Policy. The Insurer will send notice of non-renewal to the Named Insured by a First-class mail tracking method or by commercial mail delivery service. The Insurer will maintain proof of mailing in a form authorized or accepted by the United States Postal Service or by other commercial mail delivery service when such service is used. Proof of mailing will be sufficient proof of notice. When the Insurer elects not to renew a Policy that has been in effect for more than 45 days for a reason other than non-payment of premium, the Insurer will provide a written statement of the actual reason for the refusal to renew. The Insured may request additional information within 30 days from the date of our notice. If the Insurer offers to renew at least 45 days before the renewal date and the Insured fail to make the required premium payment by the renewal date, the Policy will terminate on the renewal date for non-payment of premium. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office, Inc., with its permission. CGTC 3056MD (10/17)
[OCR] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS MARYLAND CHANGES ENDORSEMENT In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS of the Policy is amended as follows: 1 Section Il. GENERAL DEFINITIONS is amended by adding the following definition: First-class mail tracking method means a method that provides evidence of the date that a piece of first-class mail was accepted for mailing by the United States Postal Service, including a certificate of mail and an electronic mail tracking system used by the United States Postal Service. First-class mail tracking method does not include a certificate of bulk mailing. 2 Section XIll. GENERAL CONDITIONS, Subsection A. Cancellation and Non-Renewal, Paragraph 3. is deleted and replaced with the following: 3 The Insurer may elect not to renew Policy by mailing notice of non-renewal to the Named Insured at the last mailing address known to us at least 45 days before the expiration date of this Policy. The Insurer will send notice of non-renewal to the Named Insured by a First-class mail tracking method or by commercial mail delivery service. The Insurer will maintain proof of mailing in a form authorized or accepted by the United States Postal Service or by other commercial mail delivery service when such service is used. Proof of mailing will be sufficient proof of notice. When the Insurer elects not to renew a Policy that has been in effect for more than 45 days for a reason other than non-payment of premium, the Insurer will provide a written statement of the actual reason for the refusal to renew. The Insured may request additional information within 30 days from the date of our notice. If the Insurer offers to renew at least 45 days before the renewal date and the Insured fail to make the required premium payment by the renewal date, the Policy will terminate on the renewal date for non-payment of premium. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office, Inc., CGTC 3056MD (10/17) with its permission.
[PAGE 38 END]
[PAGE 39 START]
[TEXT] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 NOTICE OF TERRORISM INSURANCE COVERAGE (COVERAGE INCLUDED) Coverage for acts of terrorism is included in your policy. You are hereby notified that under the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act, as amended in 2015, the definition of act of terrorism has changed. As defined in Section 102(1) of the Act: The term "act of terrorism" means any act that is certified by the Secretary of the Treasury - in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, and the Attorney General of the United States - to be an act of terrorism; to be a violent act or an act that is dangerous to human life, property, or infrastructure; to have resulted in damage within the United States, or outside the United States in the case of certain air carriers or vessels or the premises of a United States mission; and to have been committed by an individual or individuals as part of an effort to coerce the civilian population of the United States or to influence the policy or affect the conduct of the United States Government by coercion. Under your coverage, any losses resulting from certified acts of terrorism may be partially reimbursed by the United States Government under a formula established by the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act, as amended. However, your policy may contain other exclusions which might affect your coverage, such as an exclusion for nuclear events. Under the formula, the United States Government generally reimburses 80% of covered terrorism losses exceeding the statutorily established deductible paid by the insurance company providing the coverage. The Terrorism Risk Insurance Act, as amended, contains a $100 billion cap that limits U.S. Government reimbursement as well as insurers' liability for losses resulting from certified acts of terrorism when the amount of such losses exceeds $100 billion in any one calendar year. If the aggregate insured losses for all insurers exceed $100 billion, your coverage may be reduced. The portion of your annual premium that is attributable to coverage for acts of terrorism is $0, and does not include any charges for the portion of losses covered by the United States government under the Act. NTC TR02 (01/21) Copyright 2020 National Association of Insurance Commissioners
[OCR] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 NOTICE OF TERRORISM INSURANCE COVERAGE (COVERAGE INCLUDED) Coverage for acts of terrorism is included in your policy. You are hereby notified that under the As Terrorism Risk Insurance Act, as amended in 2015, the definition of act of terrorism has changed. defined in Section 102(1) of the Act: The term “act of terrorism" means any act that is certified by the Secretary of the Treasury - in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, and the Attorney General of the United States - to be an act of terrorism; to be a violent act or an act that is dangerous to human life, property, or infrastructure; to have resulted in damage within the United States, or outside the United States in the case of certain air carriers or vessels or the premises of a United States mission; and to have been committed by an individual or individuals as part of an effort to coerce the civilian population of the United States or to influence the policy or affect the conduct of the United States Government by coercion. Under your coverage, any losses resulting from certified acts of terrorism may be partially reimbursed by the United States Government under a formula established by the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act, as amended. However, your policy may contain other exclusions which might affect your coverage, such as an exclusion for nuclear events. Under the formula, the United States Government generally reimburses 80% of covered terrorism losses exceeding the statutorily established deductible paid by the insurance company providing the coverage. The Terrorism Risk Insurance Act, as amended, contains a $100 billion cap that limits U.S. Government reimbursement as well as insurers’ liability for losses resulting from certified acts of terrorism when the amount of such losses exceeds $100 billion in any one calendar year. If the aggregate insured losses for all insurers exceed $100 billion, your coverage may be reduced. The portion of your annual premium that is attributable to coverage for acts of terrorism is $0, and does not include any charges for the portion of losses covered by the United States government under the Act. Copyright 2020 National Association of Insurance Commissioners NTC TRO2 (01/21)
[PAGE 39 END]
[PAGE 40 START]
[TEXT] NOTICE TO POLICYHOLDERS FRAUD NOTICE Alabama Any person who knowingly presents a false or fraudulent claim for payment of a loss or benefit or who knowingly presents false information in an application for insurance is guilty of a crime and may be subject to restitution, fines, or confinement in prison, or any combination thereof. Arkansas Louisiana West Virginia Any person who knowingly presents a false or fraudulent claim for payment of a loss or benefit or knowingly presents false information in an application for insurance is guilty of a crime and may be subject to fines and confinement in prison. Colorado It is unlawful to knowingly provide false, incomplete, or misleading facts or information to an insurance company for the purpose of defrauding or attempting to defraud the company. Penalties may include imprisonment, fines, denial of insurance and civil damages. Any insurance company or agent of an insurance company who knowingly provides false, incomplete, or misleading facts or information to a policyholder or claimant for the purpose of defrauding or attempting to defraud the policyholder or claimant with regard to a settlement or award payable from insurance proceeds shall be reported to the Colorado Division of Insurance within the Department of Regulatory Agencies. Districk of Columbia WARNING: It is a crime to provide false or misleading information to an insurer for the purpose of defrauding the insurer or any other person. Penalties include imprisonment and /or fines. In addition, an insurer may deny insurance benefits if false information materially related to a claim was provided by the applicant. Florida Any person who knowingly and with intent to injure, defraud, or deceive any insurer files a statement of claim or an application containing any false, incomplete, or misleading information is guilty of a felony of the third degree. Kentucky Any person who knowingly and with intent to defraud any insurance company or other person files an application for insurance containing any materially false information or conceals, for the purpose of misleading, information concerning any fact material thereto commits a fraudulent insurance act, which is a crime. Maine It is a crime to knowingly provide false, incomplete or misleading information to an insurance company for the purpose of defrauding the company. Penalties may include imprisonment, fines, or denial of insurance benefits. Maryland Any person who knowingly or willfully presents a false or fraudulent claim for payment of a loss or benefit or who knowingly or willfully presents false information in an application for insurance is guilty of a crime and may be subject to fines and confinement in prison. New Jersey Any person who includes any false or misleading information on an application for an insurance policy is subject to criminal and civil penalties. New Mexico ANY PERSON WHO KNOWINGLY PRESENTS A FALSE OR FRAUDULENT CLAIM FOR PAYMENT OF A LOSS OR BENEFIT OR KNOWINGLY PRESENTS FALSE INFORMATION IN AN APPLICATION FOR INSURANCE IS GUILTY OF A CRIME AND MAY BE SUBJECT TO CIVIL FINES AND CRIMINAL PENALTIES.
[TABLE 1]
  [ROW 1] Arkansas Louisiana West Virginia | Any person who knowingly presents a false or fraudulent claim for payment of a loss or benefit or knowingly presents false information in an application for insurance is guilty of a crime and may be subject to fines and confinement in prison.
  [ROW 2] Colorado | It is unlawful to knowingly provide false, incomplete, or misleading facts or information to an insurance company for the purpose of defrauding or attempting to defraud the company. Penalties may include imprisonment, fines, denial of insurance and civil damages. Any insurance company or agent of an insurance company who knowingly provides false, incomplete, or misleading facts or information to a policyholder or claimant for the purpose of defrauding or attempting to defraud the policyholder or claimant with regard to a settlement or award payable from insurance proceeds shall be reported to the Colorado Division of Insurance within the Department of Regulatory Agencies.
  [ROW 3] Districk of Columbia | WARNING: It is a crime to provide false or misleading information to an insurer for the purpose of defrauding the insurer or any other person. Penalties include imprisonment and /or fines. In addition, an insurer may deny insurance benefits if false information materially related to a claim was provided by the applicant.
  [ROW 4] Florida | Any person who knowingly and with intent to injure, defraud, or deceive any insurer files a statement of claim or an application containing any false, incomplete, or misleading information is guilty of a felony of the third degree.
  [ROW 5] Kentucky | Any person who knowingly and with intent to defraud any insurance company or other person files an application for insurance containing any materially false information or conceals, for the purpose of misleading, information concerning any fact material thereto commits a fraudulent insurance act, which is a crime.
  [ROW 6] Maine | It is a crime to knowingly provide false, incomplete or misleading information to an insurance company for the purpose of defrauding the company. Penalties may include imprisonment, fines, or denial of insurance benefits.
  [ROW 7] Maryland | Any person who knowingly or willfully presents a false or fraudulent claim for payment of a loss or benefit or who knowingly or willfully presents false information in an application for insurance is guilty of a crime and may be subject to fines and confinement in prison.
  [ROW 8] New Jersey | Any person who includes any false or misleading information on an application for an insurance policy is subject to criminal and civil penalties.
  [ROW 9] New Mexico | ANY PERSON WHO KNOWINGLY PRESENTS A FALSE OR FRAUDULENT CLAIM FOR PAYMENT OF A LOSS OR BENEFIT OR KNOWINGLY PRESENTS FALSE INFORMATION IN AN APPLICATION FOR INSURANCE IS GUILTY OF A CRIME AND MAY BE SUBJECT TO CIVIL FINES AND CRIMINAL PENALTIES.
[OCR] NOTICE TO POLICYHOLDERS FRAUD NOTICE Alabama Any person who knowingly presents a false or fraudulent claim for payment of a loss or benefit or who knowingly presents false information in an application for insurance is guilty of a crime and may be subject to restitution, fines, or confinement in prison, or any combination thereof. Arkansas Any person who knowingly presents a false or fraudulent claim for payment of a loss or benefit or Louisiana knowingly presents false information in an application for insurance is guilty of a crime and may be West Virginia subject to fines and confinement in prison. Colorado It is unlawful to knowingly provide false, incomplete, or misleading facts or information to an insurance company for the purpose of defrauding or attempting to defraud the include fines, denial of insurance and_ civil company. Penalties may imprisonment, damages. Any insurance company or agent of an insurance company who knowingly or information to a or provides false, incomplete, misleading facts or policyholder claimant for the purpose of defrauding or attempting to defraud the policyholder or claimant with regard to a settlement or award payable from insurance proceeds shall be reported to the Colorado Division of Insurance within the Department of Regulatory Agencies. Districk of WARNING: It is a crime to provide false or misleading information to an insurer for the purpose of Columbia defrauding the insurer or any other person. Penalties include imprisonment and/or fines. In addition, an insurer may deny insurance benefits if false information materially related to a claim was provided by the applicant. Florida Any person who knowingly and with intent to injure, defraud, or deceive any insurer files a statement of claim or an application containing any false, incomplete, or misleading information is guilty of a felony of the third degree. Any person who knowingly and with intent to defraud any insurance company or other person files an application for insurance containing any materially false information or conceals, for the purpose of misleading, information concerning any fact material thereto commits a fraudulent insurance act, which is a crime. It is a crime to knowingly provide false, incomplete or misleading information to an insurance company for the purpose of defrauding the company. Penalties may include imprisonment, fines, or denial of insurance benefits. Maryland Any person who knowingly or willfully presents a false or fraudulent claim for payment of a loss or benefit or who knowingly or willfully presents false information in an application for insurance is guilty of a crime and may be subject to fines and confinement in prison. Any person who includes any false or misleading information on an application for an insurance policy is subject to criminal and civil penalties. ANY PERSON WHO KNOWINGLY PRESENTS A FALSE OR FRAUDULENT CLAIM FOR PAYMENT OF A LOSS OR BENEFIT OR KNOWINGLY PRESENTS FALSE INFORMATION IN AN APPLICATION FOR INSURANCE IS GUILTY OF A CRIME AND MAY BE SUBJECT TO CIVIL FINES AND CRIMINAL PENALTIES.
[PAGE 40 END]
[PAGE 41 START]
[TEXT] Ohio Any person who, with intent to defraud or knowing that he is facilitating a fraud against an insurer, submits an application or files a claim containing a false or deceptive statement is guilty of insurance fraud. Oklahoma WARNING: Any person who knowingly, and with intent to injure, defraud or deceive any insurer, makes any claim for the proceeds of an insurance policy containing any false, incomplete or misleading information is guilty of a felony. Pennsylvania Any person who knowingly and with intent to defraud any insurance company or other person files an application for insurance or statement of claim containing any materially false information or conceals for the purpose of misleading, information concerning any fact material thereto commits a fraudulent insurance act, which is a crime and subjects such person to criminal and civil penalties. Rhode Island Any person who knowingly presents a false or fraudulent claim for payment of a loss or benefit or knowingly presents false information in an application for insurance is guilty of a crime and may be subject to fines and confinement in prison. Tennessee Virginia Washington It is a crime to knowingly provide false, incomplete or misleading information to an insurance company for the purpose of defrauding the company. Penalties include imprisonment, fines and denial of insurance benefits. All Other States Any person who knowingly and willfully presents false information in an application for insurance may be guilty of insurance fraud and subject to fines and confinement in prison. New York Any person who knowingly and with intent to defraud any insurance company or other person files an application for insurance or statement of claim containing any materially false information, or conceals for the purpose of misleading, information concerning any fact material thereto, commits a fraudulent insurance act, which is a crime, and shall also be subject to a civil penalty not to exceed five thousand dollars and the stated value of the claim for each such violation. Fire: Any person who knowingly and with intent to defraud any insurance company or other person files an application for insurance containing any false information, or conceals for the purpose of misleading, information concerning any fact material thereto, commits a fraudulent insurance act, which is a crime. NTC FR01 (10/20)
[TABLE 1]
  [ROW 1] Ohio | Any person who, with intent to defraud or knowing that he is facilitating a fraud against an insurer, submits an application or files a claim containing a false or deceptive statement is guilty of insurance fraud.
  [ROW 2] Oklahoma | WARNING: Any person who knowingly, and with intent to injure, defraud or deceive any insurer, makes any claim for the proceeds of an insurance policy containing any false, incomplete or misleading information is guilty of a felony.
  [ROW 3] Pennsylvania | Any person who knowingly and with intent to defraud any insurance company or other person files an application for insurance or statement of claim containing any materially false information or conceals for the purpose of misleading, information concerning any fact material thereto commits a fraudulent insurance act, which is a crime and subjects such person to criminal and civil penalties.
  [ROW 4] Rhode Island | Any person who knowingly presents a false or fraudulent claim for payment of a loss or benefit or knowingly presents false information in an application for insurance is guilty of a crime and may be subject to fines and confinement in prison.
  [ROW 5] Tennessee Virginia Washington | It is a crime to knowingly provide false, incomplete or misleading information to an insurance company for the purpose of defrauding the company. Penalties include imprisonment, fines and denial of insurance benefits.
  [ROW 6] All Other States | Any person who knowingly and willfully presents false information in an application for insurance may be guilty of insurance fraud and subject to fines and confinement in prison.
[OCR] New York Any person who knowingly and with intent to defraud any insurance company or other person files an application for insurance or statement of claim containing any materially false information, or conceals for the purpose of misleading, information concerning any fact material thereto, commits a fraudulent insurance act, which is a crime, and shall also be subject to a civil penalty not to exceed five thousand dollars and the stated value of the claim for each such violation. Fire: Any person who knowingly and with intent to defraud any insurance company or other person files an application for insurance containing any false information, or conceals for the purpose of misleading, information concerning any fact material thereto, commits a fraudulent insurance act, which is a crime. Any person who, with intent to defraud or knowing that he is facilitating a fraud against an insurer, submits an application or files a claim containing a false or deceptive statement is guilty of insurance fraud. Oklahoma WARNING: Any person who knowingly, and with intent to injure, defraud or deceive any insurer, makes any claim for the proceeds of an insurance policy containing any false, incomplete or misleading information is guilty of a felony. Pennsylvania Any person who knowingly and with intent to defraud any insurance company or other person files an application for insurance or statement of claim containing any materially false information or conceals for the purpose of misleading, information concerning any fact material thereto commits a fraudulent insurance act, which is a crime and subjects such person to criminal and_ civil penalties. Rhode Island Any person who knowingly presents a false or fraudulent claim for payment of a loss or benefit or knowingly presents false information in an application for insurance is guilty of a crime and may be subject to fines and confinement in prison. Tennessee It is a crime to knowingly provide false, incomplete or misleading information to an insurance Virginia company for the purpose of defrauding the company. Penalties include imprisonment, fines and Washington denial of insurance benefits. Any person who knowingly and willfully presents false information in an application for insurance may be guilty of insurance fraud and subject to fines and confinement in prison. NTC FRO1 (10/20)
[PAGE 41 END]
[PAGE 42 START]
[TEXT] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 NUCLEAR ENERGY LIABILITY EXCLUSION ENDORSEMENT (BROAD FORM) THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that this insurance does not apply: 1. To liability: a. With respect to which an Insured under the Policy is also an insured under a nuclear energy liability policy issued by Nuclear Energy Liability Insurance Association, Mutual Atomic Energy Liability Underwriters, Nuclear Insurance Association of Canada or any of their successors, or would be an insured under any such policy but for its termination upon exhaustion of its limit of liability; or b. Resulting from the Hazardous Properties of Nuclear Material and with respect to which: i. Any person or organization is required to maintain financial protection pursuant to the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, or any law amendatory thereof; or ii. The Insured is, or had this policy not been issued would be, entitled to indemnity from the United States of America, or any agency thereof, under any agreement entered into by the United States of America, or any agency thereof, with any person or organization. 2. To liability resulting from Hazardous Properties of Nuclear Material, if: a. The Nuclear Material: i. Is at any Nuclear Facility owned by, or operated by or on behalf of, an Insured; or ii. Has been discharged or dispersed therefrom; b. The Nuclear Material is contained in Spent Fuel or Waste at any time possessed, handled, used, processed, stored, transported or disposed of, by or on behalf of an Insured; or c. The liability arises out of the furnishing by an Insured of services, materials, parts or equipment in connection with the planning, construction, maintenance, operation or use of any Nuclear Facility, but if such facility is located within the United States of America, its territories or possessions or Canada, this exclusion 2.c applies only to Property Damage to such Nuclear Facility and any property thereat. As used in this endorsement: 1. Hazardous Properties includes radioactive, toxic or explosive properties. 2. Nuclear Material means Source Material, Special Nuclear Material or By-Product Material. 3. Source Material, Special Nuclear Material, and By-Product Material have the meanings given them in the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 or in any law amendatory thereof. 4. Spent Fuel means any fuel element or fuel component, solid or liquid, which has been used or exposed to radiation in a Nuclear Reactor. 5. Waste means any waste material: a. Containing By-Product Material other than the tailings or wastes produced by the extraction or
[OCR] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS NUCLEAR ENERGY LIABILITY EXCLUSION ENDORSEMENT (BROAD FORM) In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that this insurance does not apply: 1 To liability: a With respect to which an Insured under the Policy is also an insured under a nuclear energy liability policy issued by Nuclear Energy Liability Insurance Association, Mutual Atomic Energy Liability Underwriters, Nuclear Insurance Association of Canada or any of their successors, or would be an insured under any such policy but for its termination upon exhaustion of its limit of liability; or Resulting from the Hazardous Properties of Nuclear Material and with respect to which: ( Any person or organization is required to maintain financial protection pursuant to the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, or any law amendatory thereof; or tt The Insured is, or had this policy not been issued would be, entitled to indemnity from the United States of America, or any agency thereof, under any agreement entered into by the United States of America, or any agency thereof, with any person or organization. 2. To liability resulting from Hazardous Properties of Nuclear Material, if: a The Nuclear Material: ( Is at any Nuclear Facility owned by, or operated by or on behalf of, an Insured; or ii. Has been discharged or dispersed therefrom; The Nuclear Material is contained in Spent Fuel or Waste at any time possessed, handled, used, processed, stored, transported or disposed of, by or on behalf of an Insured; or The liability arises out of the furnishing by an Insured of services, materials, parts or equipment in connection with the planning, construction, maintenance, operation or use of any Nuclear Facility, but if such facility is located within the United States of America, its territories or possessions or Canada, this exclusion 2.c applies only to Property Damage to such Nuclear Facility and any property thereat. As used in this endorsement: 1 Hazardous Properties includes radioactive, toxic or explosive properties. 2. Nuclear Material means Source Material, Special Nuclear Material or By-Product Material. 3. Source Material, Special Nuclear Material, and By-Product Material have the meanings given them in the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 or in any law amendatory thereof. 4. Spent Fuel means any fuel element or fuel component, solid or liquid, which has been used or exposed to radiation in a Nuclear Reactor. 5. Waste means any waste material: a Containing By-Product Material other than the tailings or wastes produced by the extraction or
[PAGE 42 END]
[PAGE 43 START]
[TEXT] concentration of uranium or thorium from any ore processed primarily for its Source Material content, and b. Resulting from the operation by any person or organization of any Nuclear Facility included under the first two paragraphs of the definition of Nuclear facility. 6. Nuclear Facility means: a. Any Nuclear Reactor; b. Any equipment or device designed or used for (1) separating the isotopes of uranium or plutonium, (2) processing or utilizing Spent Fuel, or (3) handling, processing or packaging Waste; c. Any equipment or device used for the processing, fabricating or alloying of Special Nuclear Material if at any time the total amount of such material in the custody of the Insured at the premises where such equipment or device is located consists of or contains more than 25 grams of plutonium or uranium 233 or any combination thereof, or more than 250 grams of uranium 235; or d. Any structure, basin, excavation, premises or place prepared or used for the storage or disposal of Waste; and includes the site on which any of the foregoing is located, all operations conducted on such site and all premises used for such operations. 7. Nuclear Reactor means any apparatus designed or used to sustain nuclear fission in a self -supporting chain reaction or to contain a critical mass of fissionable material. 8. Property Damage includes all forms of radioactive contamination of property. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office, Inc., with its permission. FI 3006 (03/18)
[OCR] concentration of uranium or thorium from any ore processed primarily for its Source Material content, and b. Resulting from the operation by any person or organization of any Nuclear Facility included under the first two paragraphs of the definition of Nuclear facility. 6 Nuclear Facility means: a Any Nuclear Reactor; b. Any equipment or device designed or used for (1) separating the isotopes of uranium or plutonium, (2) processing or utilizing Spent Fuel, or (3) handling, processing or packaging Waste; Cc. Nuclear Any equipment or device used for the processing, fabricating or alloying of Special Material if at any time the total amount of such material in the custody of the Insured at the premises where such equipment or device is located consists of or contains more than 25 grams of plutonium or uranium 233 or any combination thereof, or more than 250 grams of uranium 235; or d Any structure, basin, excavation, premises or place prepared or used for the storage or disposal of Waste; and includes the site on which any of the foregoing is located, all operations conducted on such site and all premises used for such operations. 7 Nuclear Reactor means any apparatus designed or used to sustain nuclear fission in a_ self-supporting chain reaction or to contain a critical mass of fissionable material. 8. Property Damage includes all forms of radioactive contamination of property. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office, Inc., FI 3006 (03/18) with its permission.
[PAGE 43 END]
[PAGE 44 START]
[TEXT] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 POLICYHOLDER NOTICE CLAIMS AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that Notice under the Policy is to be provided as follows: 1. Notice of Claims, notice of circumstances, or notice of any other matter for which coverage may be sought: Claims Notices Western World Insurance Group Claims Department 300 Kimball Drive Suite 500 Parsippany, NJ 07054 Tel: (201) 847 - 8600 Fax: (201) 847 - 1010 Toll Free: 1-888-847-8600 Email: reportaclaim@westernworld.com 2. All other notices or communications: All Other Policy Notices Western World Insurance Group 300 Kimball Drive Suite 500 Parsippany, NJ 07054 Tel: (201) 847 - 8600 Fax: (201) 847 - 1010 Toll Free: 1-888-847-8600 NTC 3001WW (02/19)
[OCR] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 POLICYHOLDER NOTICE CLAIMS AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that Notice under the Policy is to be provided as follows: 1 Notice of Claims, notice of circumstances, or notice of any other matter for which coverage may be sought: Claims Notices Western World Insurance Group Claims Department 300 Kimball Drive Suite 500 Parsippany, NJ 07054 Tel: (201) 847 - 8600 Fax: (201) 847 - 1010 Toll Free: 1-888-847-8600 Email: reportaclaim@westernworld.com 2. All other notices or communications: All Other Policy Notices Western World Insurance Group 300 Kimball Drive Suite 500 Parsippany, NJ 07054 Tel: (201) 847 - 8600 Fax: (201) 847 - 1010 Toll Free: 1-888-847-8600 NTC 3001WW (02/19)
[PAGE 44 END]
[PAGE 45 START]
[TEXT] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 PRE-SET RUN-OFF PERIOD OPTIONS ENDORSEMENT THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that the Policy is amended as follows: 1) The POLICY DECLARATIONS is amended by adding the following Item: Company Takeover Run-Off Period: Year(s) % of Policy Premium 3 6 175 250 2) The GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS of the Policy is amended by adding the following: If during the Policy Period the Company gives the Insurer written notice of a Company Takeover, the Insurer shall provide the Company with options to extend the coverage granted by this Policy to any Claim first made during an additional period of time the length of which is specified in the table in Paragraph 1. of this endorsement (the "Company Takeover Run-Off Period"), which Company Takeover Run-Off Period shall begin on the effective date of such Company Takeover. Any coverage for Claims first made and first reported during the Company Takeover Run-Off Period shall be limited only to Wrongful Acts that occurred prior to the Company Takeover. Any such Company Takeover Run-Off Period option shall be subject to additional terms and conditions as the Insurer shall require pursuant to an applicable Company Takeover Run-Off Election Endorsement. 3) The additional premiums for such Company Takeover Run-Off Period are set forth in the table in Paragraph 1. of this Endorsement. Solely at the discretion of the Insurer, the additional premium may be reduced by the amount of the unearned premium from the effective date of the Company Takeover through the expiration date of the Policy Period. 4) The election of any Company Takeover Run-Off Period extension option offered herein must be made prior to the end of the Policy Period. Such election may be made by any Executive. If elected, the Additional Premium for the Company Takeover Run-Off Period shall be fully earned on the effective date of such Company Takeover; and the Company Takeover Run-Off Period is not cancelable, except that the Insurer may cancel the Company Takeover Run-Off Period for non-payment of premium. 5) If an Insured elects the terms and conditions of the Company Takeover Run-Off Period option, pursuant to an applicable Company Takeover Run-Off Election Endorsement, such Company Takeover Run-Off election shall replace any extension of coverage that would otherwise be available to the Insureds pursuant to Section IX. DISCOVERY PERIOD. No additional extension of coverage shall be permitted unless by mutual agreement of the Insurer and the Company. 6) This endorsement shall not apply to the COMMERCIAL CRIME COVERAGE PART of the Policy. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CGTC 3070 (12/17)
[OCR] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS PRE-SET RUN-OFF PERIOD OPTIONS ENDORSEMENT In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that the Policy is amended as follows: 1) The POLICY DECLARATIONS is amended by adding the following Item: Company Takeover Run-Off Period: Year(s) % of Policy Premium 175 250 2) The GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS of the Policy is amended by adding the following: If during the Policy Period the Company gives the Insurer written notice of a Company Takeover, the Insurer shall provide the Company with options to extend the coverage granted by this Policy to any Claim first made during an additional period of time the length of which is specified in the table in Paragraph 1. of this endorsement (the “Company Takeover Run-Off Period”), which Company Takeover Run-Off Period shall begin on the effective date of such Company Takeover. Any coverage for Claims first made and first reported during the Company Takeover Run-Off Period shall be limited only to Wrongful Acts that occurred prior to the Company Takeover. Any such Company Takeover Run-Off Period option shall be subject to additional terms and conditions as the Insurer shall require pursuant to an applicable Company Takeover Run-Off Election Endorsement. 3) The additional premiums for such Company Takeover Run-Off Period are set forth in the table in Paragraph 1. of this Endorsement. Solely at the discretion of the Insurer, the additional premium may be reduced by the amount of the unearned premium from the effective date of the Company Takeover through the expiration date of the Policy Period. 4) The election of any Company Takeover Run-Off Period extension option offered herein must be made prior to the end of the Policy Period. Such election may be made by any Executive. If elected, the Additional Premium for the Company Takeover Run-Off Period shall be fully earned on the effective date of such Company Takeover, and the Company Takeover Run-Off Period is not cancelable, except that the Insurer may cancel the Company Takeover Run-Off Period for non-payment of premium. 5) If an Insured elects the terms and conditions of the Company Takeover Run-Off Period option, pursuant to an applicable Company Takeover Run-Off Election Endorsement, such Company Takeover Run-Off election shall replace any extension of coverage that would otherwise be available to the Insureds pursuant to Section IX. DISCOVERY PERIOD. No additional extension of coverage shall be permitted unless by mutual agreement of the Insurer and the Company. 8) This endorsement shall not apply to the COMMERCIAL CRIME COVERAGE PART of the Policy. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CGTC 3070 (12/17)
[PAGE 45 END]
[PAGE 46 START]
[TEXT] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 STATE AMENDATORY INCONSISTENCY ENDORSEMENT THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS of the Policy is amended by adding the following: In the event that there is an inconsistency between a state amendatory endorsement attached to this Policy and any term or condition of this Policy, then it is understood and agreed that, where permitted by law, the Insurer shall apply the terms and conditions of either the amendatory or the Policy, whichever are more favorable to the Insured. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CGTC 3069 (12/17)
[OCR] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS STATE AMENDATORY INCONSISTENCY ENDORSEMENT In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS of the Policy is amended by adding the following: In the event that there is an inconsistency between a state amendatory endorsement attached to this Policy and any term or condition of this Policy, then it is understood and agreed that, where permitted by law, the Insurer shall apply the terms and conditions of either the amendatory or the Policy, whichever are more favorable to the Insured. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CGTC 3069 (12/17)
[PAGE 46 END]
[PAGE 47 START]
[TEXT] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 U.S. ECONOMIC AND TRADE SANCTIONS ENDORSEMENT THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS Whenever coverage provided by this policy would be in violation of any U .S. economic or trade sanctions such as, but not limited to, those sanctions administered and enforced by the U.S. Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), such coverage shall be null and void. Similarly, any coverage relating to or referred to in any certificates or other evidences of insurance or any claim that would be in violation of U.S. economic or trade sanctions as described above shall also be null and void. Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office, Inc., with its permission. OFAC 3001 (04/18)
[OCR] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS U.S. ECONOMIC AND TRADE SANCTIONS ENDORSEMENT Whenever coverage provided by this policy would be in violation of any U.S. economic or trade sanctions such as, but not limited to, those sanctions administered and enforced by the U.S. Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), such coverage shall be null and void. Similarly, any coverage relating to or referred to in any certificates or other evidences of insurance or any claim that would be in violation of U.S. economic or trade sanctions as described above shall also be null and void. Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office, Inc., OFAC 3001 (04/18) with its permission.
[PAGE 47 END]
[PAGE 48 START]
[TEXT] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 ABSOLUTE BODILY INJURY / PROPERTY DAMAGE EXCLUSION (SECURITIES CLAIM CARVEBACK) ENDORSEMENT THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that the Policy is amended as follows: Solely with respect to the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART, Section III. GENERAL POLICY EXCLUSIONS, Subsection B. of the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS is deleted and replaced with the following: B. arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving any bodily injury, mental anguish, emotional distress, sickness, disease or death of any person, or for damage to or destruction of any tangible property including loss of use thereof; provided , however, that this exclusion shall not apply to any Securities Claim. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CDO 3038 (03/18)
[OCR] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART ABSOLUTE BODILY INJURY / PROPERTY DAMAGE EXCLUSION (SECURITIES CLAIM CARVEBACK) ENDORSEMENT In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that the Policy is amended as follows: Solely with respect to the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART, Section i GENERAL POLICY EXCLUSIONS, Subsection B. of the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS is deleted and replaced with the following: B arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving any bodily injury, mental anguish, emotional distress, sickness, disease or death of any person, or for damage to or destruction of any tangible property including loss of use thereof; provided, however, that this exclusion shall not apply to any Securities Claim. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CDO 3038 (03/18)
[PAGE 48 END]
[PAGE 49 START]
[TEXT] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 AMENDED INSURED VS INSURED EXCLUSION ENDORSEMENT THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that Section III. EXCLUSIONS, Subsection D. of the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART of the Policy is amended by adding the following: This exclusion shall also not apply to: a Claim brought and maintained by the Company in its capacity as a debtor-in-possession in any case or proceeding arising under or related to a case under Title 11 of the United States Code or any successor federal statute or any state or common law affecting or relating to insolvency matters or creditors rights generally, or an assignee of such person or entity; an Employment Claim brought against any Insured Person. It is understood and agreed that Exclusion F. of the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS shall not apply to that portion of any Claim alleging an Employment Claim against an Insured Person that is otherwise covered under Insuring Agreements A. and B.; or a Claim that is brought and maintained outside the United States of America or Canada (including any territories thereof), by an Insured Person of a Subsidiary operating outside of the United States against such Subsidiary or any director or officer thereof. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CDO 3058 (06/18)
[OCR] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART AMENDED INSURED VS INSURED EXCLUSION ENDORSEMENT In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that Section It. EXCLUSIONS, Subsection D. of the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART of the Policy is amended by adding the following: This exclusion shall also not apply to: a Claim brought and maintained by the Company in its capacity as a debtor-in-possession in any case or proceeding arising under or related to a case under Title 11 of the United States Code or any successor federal statute or any state or common law affecting or relating to insolvency matters or creditors rights generally, or an assignee of such person or entity; an Employment Claim brought against any Insured Person. It is understood and agreed that Exclusion F. of the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS shall not apply to that portion of any Claim alleging an Employment Claim against an Insured Person that is otherwise covered under Insuring Agreements A. and B.; or a Claim that is brought and maintained outside the United States of America or Canada (including any territories thereof), by an Insured Person of a Subsidiary operating outside of the United States against such Subsidiary or any director or officer thereof. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CDO 3058 (06/18)
[PAGE 49 END]
[PAGE 50 START]
[TEXT] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 CRISIS MANAGEMENT EXPENSE COVERAGE THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART of the Policy is amended as follows: 1. Section I. INSURING AGREEMENTS is amended by adding the following Insuring Agreement: Crisis Management Expense Coverage Subject to the Sub-Limit of Liability set forth in Item 2. of the Declarations, the Insurer shall pay, on behalf of the Company, Crisis Management Expenses which the Company becomes legally obligated to pay arising from a Crisis Event taking place prior to the end of the Policy Period, and which is first made against such Insured during the Policy Period or the Discovery Period (if applicable) and is reported to the Insurer in the time and manner required by this Policy. 2. Item 2. of the Declarations under the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART is amended by adding the following: Sub-Limit of Liability for Crisis Management Expense Coverage: $25,000 Retention for Crisis Management Expense Coverage: $5,000 3. Section II. DEFINITIONS is amended by adding the following definitions: Crisis Event means: a. The incapacity, death, or state or federal criminal indictment of an Insured Person; b. The Company disclosure of its intention to file or actual filing of protection under federal bankruptcy laws; or c. Any other material event which, in the Company's good faith opinion, has caused a Material Effect. Crisis Management Expenses means the following expenses incurred by the Company during a period beginning ninety (90) days prior to and in reasonable anticipation of a Crisis Event and ending ninety (90) days after an actual or reasonably anticipated Crisis Event, whether or not a Claim is actually made with respect to the subject Crisis Event; provided, however, that the Insurer must have been notified of the Crisis Management Expenses within thirty (30) days of the date the Company first incurs the subject Crisis Management Expenses: a. The reasonable and necessary expenses directly resulting from a Crisis Event which the Company incurs for Crisis Management Services provided by a Crisis Management Firm; and b. The reasonable and necessary expenses directly resulting from a Crisis Event incurred for: (1) Advertising, printing, or the mailing of matter relevant to the Crisis Event; and (2) Out of pocket travel expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Company or the Crisis Management Firm; provided, however, Crisis Management Expenses does not include those amounts which otherwise would constitute compensation, benefits, fees, overhead, charges or expenses of an Insured.
[OCR_TABLE] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART CRISIS MANAGEMENT EXPENSE COVERAGE In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART of the Policy is amended as follows: 1 Section |. INSURING AGREEMENTS is amended by adding the following Insuring Agreement: Crisis Management Expense Coverage Subject to the Sub-Limit of Liability set forth in Item 2. of the Declarations, the Insurer shall pay, on behalf of the Company, Crisis Management Expenses which the Company becomes legally obligated to pay arising from a Crisis Event taking place prior to the end of the Policy Period, and which is first made against such Insured during the Policy Period or the Discovery Period (if applicable) and is reported to the Insurer in the time and manner required by this Policy. 2 Item 2. of the Declarations under the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART is amended by adding the following: Sub-Limit of Liability for Crisis Management Expense Coverage: $25,000 Retention for Crisis Management Expense Coverage: $5,000 3. Section Il. DEFINITIONS is amended by adding the following definitions: Crisis Event means: The incapacity, death, or state or federal criminal indictment of an Insured Person; The Company disclosure of its intention to file or actual filing of protection under federal bankruptcy laws; or Any other material event which, in the Company's good faith opinion, has caused a Material Effect. Crisis Management Expenses means the following expenses incurred by the Company during a period beginning ninety (90) days prior to and in reasonable anticipation of a Crisis Event and ending ninety (90) days after an actual or reasonably anticipated Crisis Event, whether or not a Claim is actually made with respect to the subject Crisis Event; provided, however, that the Insurer must have been notified of the Crisis Management Expenses within thirty (30) days of the date the Company first incurs the subject Crisis Management Expenses: a The reasonable and necessary expenses directly resulting from a Crisis Event which the Company incurs for Crisis Management Services provided by a Crisis Management Firm; and The reasonable and necessary expenses directly resulting from a Crisis Event incurred for: (1) Advertising, printing, or the mailing of matter relevant to the Crisis Event; and {2) Out of pocket travel expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Company or the Crisis Management Firm; provided, however, Crisis Management Expenses does not include those amounts which otherwise would constitute compensation, benefits, fees, overhead, charges or expenses of an Insured.
[PAGE 50 END]
[PAGE 51 START]
[TEXT] Crisis Management Firm means a marketing firm, public relations firm, law firm, or other professional services entity retained by the Insurer or by the Company with the Insurer’s prior written consent, to perform Crisis Management Services arising from a Crisis Event. Crisis Management Services means the professional services provided by a Crisis Management Firm in counseling or assisting the Company in reducing or minimizing the potential harm caused by the public disclosure of a Crisis Event. Material Effect means the publication of unfavorable information regarding the Company which can reasonably be considered to materially reduce public confidence in the Company's competence, integrity or viability to conduct business. Such publication must occur in a report about an Insured appearing in a daily newspaper of general circulation; or a radio or television news program. 4. Regardless of the number of Crisis Events occurring during the Policy Period, and regardless of when payment is made by the Insurer or when an Insured's legal obligation with regard thereto arises or is established, the Insurer’s maximum limit of liability for all Crisis Management Expenses arising from all Crisis Events, combined, shall be the amount referenced in Item 2. of the Declarations, as amended by this Endorsement, which amount shall be part of and not in addition to Aggregate Limit of Liability stated in Item 2. of the Declarations for this Coverage Part. 5. Section III. EXCLUSIONS shall not apply to Crisis Management Expenses. 6. It is understood and agreed that any actual or anticipated Crisis Management Event must be reported to the Insurer as soon as practicable after the Company first incurs Crisis Management Expenses for which coverage will be requested under this Endorsement. The Company may incur Crisis Management Expenses without the Insurer's prior consent, provided that the Insurer has consented to the Crisis Management Firm retained by the Company. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CDO 3023 (10/17)
[OCR] Crisis Management Firm means a marketing firm, public relations firm, law firm, or other professional services entity retained by the Insurer or by the Company with the Insurer’s prior written consent, to perform Crisis Management Services arising from a Crisis Event. Crisis Management Services means the professional services provided by a Crisis Management Firm in counseling or assisting the Company in reducing or minimizing the potential harm caused by the public disclosure of a Crisis Event. Material Effect means the publication of unfavorable information regarding the Company which can reasonably be considered to materially reduce public confidence in the Company's competence, Insured integrity or viability to conduct business. Such publication must occur in a report about an appearing in a daily newspaper of general circulation; or a radio or television news program. Regardless of the number of Crisis Events occurring during the Policy Period, and regardless of when payment is made by the Insurer or when an Insured's legal obligation with regard thereto arises or is established, the Insurer's maximum limit of liability for all Crisis Management Expenses arising from all Crisis Events, combined, shall be the amount referenced in Item 2. of the Declarations, as amended by this Endorsement, which amount shall be part of and not in addition to Aggregate Limit of Liability stated in Item 2. of the Declarations for this Coverage Part. Section Ill. EXCLUSIONS shall not apply to Crisis Management Expenses. It is understood and agreed that any actual or anticipated Crisis Management Event must be reported to the Insurer as soon as practicable after the Company first incurs Crisis Management Expenses for which be incur coverage will requested under this Endorsement. The Company may Crisis Management Expenses without the Insurer's prior consent, provided that the Insurer has consented to the Crisis Management Firm retained by the Company. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CDO 3023 (10/17)
[PAGE 51 END]
[PAGE 52 START]
[TEXT] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 EMPLOYED LAWYER'S LIABILITY COVERAGE ENDORSEMENT THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART of the Policy is amended as follows: 1. Section I. INSURING AGREEMENTS is amended by adding the following Insuring Agreement: Employed Lawyer's Liability Coverage: The Insurer shall pay, on behalf of the Insured, Loss resulting from any Claim for any Employed Lawyers Wrongful Act taking place prior to the end of the Policy Period and which is first made against the Insured during the Policy Period or the Discovery Period (if applicable) and reported to the Insurer during such period pursuant to the terms of this Policy. 2. Section II. Definitions is amended by adding the following definitions: Employed Lawyer means any Insured Person of the Company who is admitted to practice law and who is or was employed as a lawyer for, and salaried by, the Company. Employed Lawyer Wrongful Act means any act, error or omission committed, attempted, or allegedly committed or attempted by an Employed Lawyer in the rendering of, or failure to render, professional legal services for a Company while in his or her capacity as a lawyer for such Company. 3. Section II. DEFINITIONS, Subsection J. Wrongful Act is amended by adding the following Paragraph: Solely with respect to the Employed Lawyer's Liability Coverage Insuring Agreement, any actual or alleged breach of duty, error, misstatement, act or omission of an Employee while acting in his or her capacity as such 4. Solely with respect to the Employed Lawyer's Liability Coverage Insuring Agreement afforded by this endorsement, Section III. EXCLUSIONS, is amended by adding the following: The following Exclusions are applicable to all INSURING AGREEMENTS: (a) arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving any activities by any Employed Lawyer which: (i) are not related to such Employed Lawyer's employment with the Company; (ii) are not rendered on behalf of, for, or to the Company; or (iii) are performed by the Employed Lawyer for others for a fee; (b) arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving any Employed Lawyer Wrongful Act taking place in whole or in part while the Employed Lawyer was not employed as a lawyer by the Company; or (c) arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving any activities by the Employed Lawyer as an officer or director of any entity other than the Company. 5. The coverage provided by this Endorsement is specifically excess of any other valid and collectible lawyers professional liability insurance, legal malpractice, or errors and omissions insurance and shall provide insurance only in the event of the exhaustion of such other insurance due to the payment of losses thereunder.
[OCR] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART EMPLOYED LAWYER'S LIABILITY COVERAGE ENDORSEMENT In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART of the Policy is amended as follows: 1 Section I. INSURING AGREEMENTS is amended by adding the following Insuring Agreement: Employed Lawyer's Liability Coverage: The Insurer shall pay, on behalf of the Insured, Loss resulting from any Claim for any Employed Lawyers Wrongful Act taking place prior to the end of the Policy Period and which is first made against the Insured during the Policy Period or the Discovery Period (if applicable) and reported to the Insurer during such period pursuant to the terms of this Policy. Section Il. Definitions is amended by adding the following definitions: Employed Lawyer means any Insured Person of the Company who is admitted to practice law and who is or was employed as a lawyer for, and salaried by, the Company. Employed Lawyer Wrongful Act means any act, error or omission committed, attempted, or allegedly committed or attempted by an Employed Lawyer in the rendering of, or failure to render, professional legal services for a Company while in his or her capacity as a lawyer for such Company. Section Il. DEFINITIONS, Subsection J. Wrongful Act is amended by adding the following Paragraph: Solely with respect to the Employed Lawyer's Liability Coverage Insuring Agreement, any actual or alleged breach of duty, error, misstatement, act or omission of an Employee while acting in his or her capacity as such Solely with respect to the Employed Lawyer's Liability Coverage Insuring Agreement afforded by this endorsement, Section Ill. EXCLUSIONS, is amended by adding the following: The following Exclusions are applicable to all INSURING AGREEMENTS: (a) arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving any activities by any Employed Lawyer which: (i) are not related to such Employed Lawyer's employment with the Company; (ii) are not rendered on behalf of, for, or to the Company; or (iii) are performed by the Employed Lawyer for others for a fee; (6) arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving any Employed Lawyer Wrongful Act taking place in whole or in part while the Employed Lawyer was not employed as a lawyer by the Company; or (c) arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving any activities by the Employed Lawyer as an officer or director of any entity other than the Company. The coverage provided by this Endorsement is specifically excess of any other valid and collectible lawyers professional liability insurance, legal malpractice, or errors and omissions insurance and_ shall provide insurance only in the event of the exhaustion of such other insurance due to the payment of losses thereunder.
[PAGE 52 END]
[PAGE 53 START]
[TEXT] 6. Solely with respect to the Employed Lawyer's Liability Coverage Insuring Agreement afforded by this endorsement, Item 2. of the POLICY DECLARATIONS for the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART is amended by adding the following: Sub-Limit of Liability for Employed Lawyer's Liability Coverage: $1,000,000 Retention for Employed Lawyer's Liability Coverage: $35,000 Pending and Prior Litigation Date for Employed Lawyer's Liability Coverage: 06/23/2024 ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CDO 3004 (10/17)
[PAGE 53 END]
[PAGE 54 START]
[TEXT] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART FALSE ADVERTISING/PRODUCT DEFECT EXCLUSION WITH SECURITIES CLAIM CARVEBACK ENDORSEMENT In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that the Policy is amended as follows: Section III. EXCLUSIONS of the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART of the Policy is amended by adding the following Exclusion applicable to all INSURING AGREEMENTS: The Insurer shall not be liable to pay any Loss arising from any Claim: arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving any actual or alleged: 1. malfunction, defect, or failure of any goods or products manufactured, distributed, sold, installed, marketed, developed or processed by or on behalf of the Insured; 2. failure of goods, products, brands or services to conform with any statements or misrepresentations of quality or performance made in the advertising, promotions, marketing or labeling; 3. incorrect or inadequate or misleading description of goods, products, brands or services in the advertising, marketing, promotions or labeling; 4. failure to warn or to provide any warnings relating to any risks associated with the use of any goods, products, brands or services, whether required by statute, law, ordinance, regulation or by common law, including, but not limited to, California Proposition 65, or any other similar federal, state, or local statute; or 5. manufacture or production of any goods, products, brands or services according to the design intended by the Insured which does not: a. contain any defect in manufacture or production; or b. have any unexpected or unintended results, consequences, outcomes or effects; provided, however, that this Exclusion shall not apply to a Securities Claim. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CDO 3074 (06/19)
[OCR] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART FALSE ADVERTISING/PRODUCT DEFECT EXCLUSION WITH SECURITIES CLAIM CARVEBACK ENDORSEMENT In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that the Policy is amended as follows: Section Ill. EXCLUSIONS of the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART of the Policy is amended by adding the following Exclusion applicable to all INSURING AGREEMENTS: The Insurer shall not be liable to pay any Loss arising from any Claim: arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving any actual or alleged: 1 malfunction, defect, or failure of any goods or products manufactured, distributed, sold, installed, marketed, developed or processed by or on behalf of the Insured; failure of goods, products, brands or services to conform with any statements or misrepresentations of quality or performance made in the advertising, promotions, marketing or labeling: incorrect or inadequate or misleading description of goods, products, brands or services in the advertising, marketing, promotions or labeling; failure to warn or to provide any warnings relating to any risks associated with the use of any goods, products, brands or services, whether required by statute, law, ordinance, regulation or by common law, including, but not limited to, California Proposition 65, or any other similar federal, state, or local statute; or manufacture or production of any goods, products, brands or services according to the design intended by the Insured which does not: a contain any defect in manufacture or production; or b have any unexpected or unintended results, consequences, outcomes or effects; provided, however, that this Exclusion shall not apply to a Securities Claim. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CDO 3074 (06/19)
[PAGE 54 END]
[PAGE 55 START]
[TEXT] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY EXCLUSION WITH SECURITIES CLAIM CARVEBACK ENDORSEMENT In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that the Policy is amended as follows: 1. Section III. EXCLUSIONS, Subsection H. of the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART of the Policy is deleted: 2. Section III. EXCLUSIONS is amended by adding the following Exclusion applicable to all INSURING AGREEMENTS: The Insurer shall not be liable to pay any Loss arising from any Claim: arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving any actual or alleged infringement of copyright, patent, trademark, trade name, trade dress or service mark, or the actual or alleged misappropriation of ideas or trade secrets or the unauthorized disclosure of or access to confidential information; provided, however, that this exclusion shall not apply to any Securities Claim. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CDO 3081 (06/19)
[OCR] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY EXCLUSION WITH SECURITIES CLAIM CARVEBACK ENDORSEMENT In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that the Policy is amended as follows: Section I. EXCLUSIONS, Subsection H of the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART of the Policy is deleted Section I. EXCLUSIONS is amended by adding the following Exclusion applicable to all INSURING AGREEMENTS: The Insurer shall not be liable to pay any Loss arising from any Claim: arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving any actual or alleged infringement of copyright, patent, trademark, trade name, trade dress or service mark, or the actual or alleged misappropriation of ideas or trade secrets or the unauthorized disclosure of or access to confidential information; provided, however, that this exclusion shall not apply to any Securities Claim. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CDO 3081 (06/19)
[PAGE 55 END]
[PAGE 56 START]
[TEXT] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 MAJOR SHAREHOLDER EXCLUSION ENDORSEMENT THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that Section III. EXCLUSIONS of the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART of the Policy is amended by adding the following Exclusion: The following Exclusion is applicable to all INSURING AGREEMENTS: The Insurer shall not be liable to pay any Loss in connection with any Claim brought or maintained by or on behalf of any natural person(s) or entity(ies) that own or control 10% or more of the outstanding voting stock of the Company, whether such ownership is legal or beneficial. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CDO 3012 (10/17)
[OCR] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART MAJOR SHAREHOLDER EXCLUSION ENDORSEMENT It. In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that Section EXCLUSIONS of the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART of the Policy is amended by adding the following Exclusion: The following Exclusion is applicable to all INSURING AGREEMENTS: The Insurer shall not be liable to pay any Loss in connection with any Claim brought or maintained by or on behalf of any natural person(s) or entity{ies) that own or control 10% or more of the outstanding voting stock of the Company, whether such ownership is legal or beneficial. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CDO 3012 (10/17)
[PAGE 56 END]
[PAGE 57 START]
[TEXT] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 PROFESSIONAL SERVICES EXCLUSION WITH SECURITYHOLDER CARVEBACK ENDORSEMENT THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that Section III. EXCLUSIONS of the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART of the Policy is amended as follows: 1. Exclusion F. is deleted. 2. The following Exclusion is added: The following Exclusion is applicable to all INSURING AGREEMENTS: The Insurer shall not be liable to pay any Loss arising from any Claim arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving any Insured's performance of or failure to perform professional services for others; provided, however, that this exclusion shall not apply to a Claim brought by or on behalf of a securityholder of the Company solely in his/her/its capacity as such, provided that such Claim is instigated and continued totally independent of, and totally without the solicitation of, or assistance of, or active participation of, or intervention of, any Insured. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CDO 3022 (10/17)
[OCR] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART PROFESSIONAL SERVICES EXCLUSION WITH SECURITYHOLDER CARVEBACK ENDORSEMENT It. In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that Section EXCLUSIONS of the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART of the Policy is amended as follows: 1 Exclusion F. is deleted. 2 The following Exclusion is added: The following Exclusion is applicable to all INSURING AGREEMENTS: The Insurer shall not be liable to pay any Loss arising from any Claim arising out of, based upon or in consequence of, resulting from or in any way involving any Insured's performance of or failure to perform professional services for others; provided, however, that this exclusion shall not apply to a Claim brought by or on behalf of a securityholder of the Company solely in his/her/its capacity as such, provided that such Claim is instigated and continued totally independent of, and totally without the solicitation of, or assistance of, or active participation of, or intervention of, any Insured. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CDO 3022 (10/17)
[PAGE 57 END]
[PAGE 58 START]
[TEXT] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 REGULATORY CLAIMS EXCLUSION THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that Section III. EXCLUSIONS of the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART of the Policy is amended by adding the following exclusion: The following Exclusion is applicable to all INSURING AGREEMENTS: The Insurer shall not be liable to pay any Loss in connection with any Claim brought by or on behalf of, or instigated by or continued with the assistance, solicitation, participation or intervention of any State or Federal regulatory or administrative agency or bureau or any other governmental, quasi -governmental or self-regulatory entity, whether directly or indirectly, and whether brought in its capacity as receiver, conservator or, liquidator, securities holder or assignee of the Company, its security holders, its depositors or creditors or in any other capacity, and whether brought in its own name or in the name of any other entity. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CDO 3017 (10/17)
[OCR] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART REGULATORY CLAIMS EXCLUSION It. In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that Section EXCLUSIONS of the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART of the Policy is amended by adding the following exclusion: The following Exclusion is applicable to all INSURING AGREEMENTS: The Insurer shall not be liable to pay any Loss in connection with any Claim brought by or on behalf of, or instigated by or continued with the assistance, solicitation, participation or intervention of any State or Federal regulatory or administrative agency or bureau or any other governmental, quasi-governmental or self-regulatory entity, whether directly or indirectly, and whether brought in its capacity as receiver, conservator or, liquidator, securities holder or assignee of the Company, its security holders, its depositors or creditors or in any other capacity, and whether brought in its own name or in the name of any other entity. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CDO 3017 (10/17)
[PAGE 58 END]
[PAGE 59 START]
[TEXT] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 RETIRED INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS LIABILITY COVERAGE THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART of the Policy is amended as follows: 1. Section I. INSURING AGREEMENTS is amended by adding the following Insuring Agreement: Retired Independent Directors Liability Coverage Subject to the Sub-Limit of Liability set forth in Item 2. of the Declarations, the Insurer shall pay on behalf of the Retired Independent Directors, Loss to the extent the Company has not indemnified such Retired Independent Directors and which the Retired Independent Directors become legally obligated to pay arising from any Claim for a Wrongful Act taking place prior to the end of the Policy Period, and which is first made against the Insureds during the Policy Period or the Discovery Period (if applicable) and is reported to the Insurer in the time and manner required by this Policy. 2. Item 2. of the Declarations under the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART is amended by adding the following: Sub-Limit of Liability for Retired Independent Directors Liability Coverage: $150,000 Retention for Retired Independent Directors Liability Coverage: $0 Pending or Prior Litigation Date for Retired Independent Directors Liability Coverage: 06/23/2022 3. Section II. DEFINITIONS is amended by adding the following definition: Retired Independent Director means any Insured Person who (i) formerly served but no longer serves as a duly elected or appointed director, trustee, governor or functional equivalent executive of the Named Insured, (ii) never has been an officer of any Company, and (iii) no longer serves any Company or Plan in any insured capacity under this Policy. 4. The Sub-Limit of Liability referenced in Item 2. of the Declarations, as amended by this Endorsement, shall be in addition to the Aggregate Limit of Liability set forth in Item 2. and the POLICY MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIMIT OF LIABILITY set forth in Item 1. of the Declarations for this Coverage Part. 5. It is understood and agreed that coverage under the Retired Independent Directors Liability Coverage Insuring Agreement shall apply only if (i) the Retired Independent Director is a Retired Independent Director when the Claim is first made, and (ii) the Limit of Liability otherwise applicable to this Executive and Private Company Liability Coverage Part is fully exhausted by reason of payment by the Insurer of Loss. Such coverage under the Retired Independent Directors Liability Coverage Insuring Agreement shall then be excess of all other insurance specifically excess of this Policy as well as all other insurance described in Section XIII. GENERAL CONDITIONS, Subsection H. Other Insurance. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CDO 3024 (10/17)
[OCR] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART RETIRED INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS LIABILITY COVERAGE In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART of the Policy is amended as follows: 1 Section I. INSURING AGREEMENTS is amended by adding the following Insuring Agreement: Retired Independent Directors Liability Coverage Subject to the Sub-Limit of Liability set forth in Item 2. of the Declarations, the Insurer shall pay on behalf of the Retired Independent Directors, Loss to the extent the Company has not indemnified such Retired Independent Directors and which the Retired Independent Directors become legally obligated to pay arising from any Claim for a Wrongful Act taking place prior to the end of the Policy Period, and which is first made against the Insureds during the Policy Period or the Discovery Period (if applicable) and is reported to the Insurer in the time and manner required by this Policy. Item 2. of the Declarations under the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART is amended by adding the following: Sub-Limit of Liability for Retired Independent Directors Liability Coverage: $150,000 Retention for Retired Independent Directors Liability Coverage: $0 Pending or Prior Litigation Date for Retired Independent Directors Liability Coverage: 06/23/2022 Section Il. DEFINITIONS is amended by adding the following definition: Retired Independent Director means any Insured Person who (i) formerly served but no longer serves as a duly elected or appointed director, trustee, governor or functional equivalent executive of the Named Insured, (ii) never has been an officer of any Company, and (iii) no longer serves any Company or Plan in any insured capacity under this Policy. The Sub-Limit of Liability referenced in Item 2. of the Declarations, as amended by this Endorsement, shall be in addition to the Aggregate Limit of Liability set forth in Item 2. and the POLICY MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIMIT OF LIABILITY set forth in Item 1. of the Declarations for this Coverage Part. It is understood and agreed that coverage under the Retired Independent Directors Liability Coverage Insuring Agreement shall apply only if (i) the Retired Independent Director is a Retired Independent Director when the Claim is first made, and (ii) the Limit of Liability otherwise applicable to this Executive and Private Company Liability Coverage Part is fully exhausted by reason of payment by the Insurer of Loss. Such coverage under the Retired Independent Directors Liability Coverage Insuring Agreement shall then be excess of all other insurance specifically excess of this Policy as well as all other insurance described in Section XIIl. GENERAL CONDITIONS, Subsection H. Other Insurance. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CDO 3024 (10/17)
[PAGE 59 END]
[PAGE 60 START]
[TEXT] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 SECURITIES CLAIM CARVEBACK ENDORSEMENT THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that Section III. EXCLUSIONS, Subections E., F., G., H., I., J., and K. (Exclusions applicable to INSURING AGREEMENT C.) of the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART of the Policy shall not apply to any Securities Claim. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CDO 3033 (12/17)
[OCR] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART SECURITIES CLAIM CARVEBACK ENDORSEMENT I. In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that Section EXCLUSIONS, Subections E., F.. G, H., I, J., amd K. (Exclusions applicable to INSURING AGREEMENT C.) of the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART of the Policy shall not apply to any Securities Claim. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CDO 3033 (12/17)
[PAGE 60 END]
[PAGE 61 START]
[TEXT] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 WAIVER OF RETENTION ENDORSEMENT THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that Section IV. ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS of the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART is amended by adding the following subsection: No Retention shall apply to Defense Expenses incurred in connection with a Claim, and the Insurer shall reimburse the Insureds for any covered Defense Costs paid by the Insureds within the Retention otherwise applicable to such Claim, if a: 1. Final, non-appealed adjudication with prejudice pursuant to a trial, motion to dismiss or motion for summary judgment; or 2. complete and final settlement with prejudice; establishes that none of the Insureds in such Claim are liable for any Loss. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CDO 3032 (12/17)
[OCR] NAMED INSURED: Alphyn Biologics, Inc. POLICY NUMBER: PDO9003604 THIS ENDORSEMENT MODIFIES: EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART WAIVER OF RETENTION ENDORSEMENT WV. In consideration of the payment of premium for this Policy, it is understood and agreed that Section ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS of the EXECUTIVE AND PRIVATE COMPANY LIABILITY COVERAGE PART is amended by adding the following subsection: No Retention shall apply to Defense Expenses incurred in connection with a Claim, and the Insurer shall reimburse the Insureds for any covered Defense Costs paid by the Insureds within the Retention otherwise applicable to such Claim, if a: 1 Final, non-appealed adjudication with prejudice pursuant to a trial, motion to dismiss or motion for summary judgment; or 2 complete and final settlement with prejudice: establishes that none of the Insureds in such Claim are liable for any Loss. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. CDO 3032 (12/17)
[PAGE 61 END]